FN Clarivate Analytics Web of Science																														
TI Effects of cattle feeding regimen and soil management type on the fate																														
TI Prevalence of leukoplakia																														
TI Shoot growth pattern and quantifying flush maturity with SPAD value in																														
TI Evaluating bicycle-transit users' perceptions of intermodal																														
TI Factors influencing the small-scale distribution of House Sparrows																														
TI Diet and risk of ischemic heart disease in India																														
TI International and domestic uses of solid biofuels under different																														
TI Fruit and vegetable intake and prevalence of colorectal adenoma in a																														
TI Interaction of methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase C677T																														
TI Indocyanine green clearance test combined with MELD score in predicting																														
TI Minimizing greenhouse gas emissions in intermodal freight transport: an																														
TI Where Do We Go From Here? Progressing Sustainability Implementation																														
TI ALGORITHM OF ANXIODEPRESSIVE DISORDERS DETECTION IN PATIENTS WITH																														
TI Leisure home ownership																														
TI Daily tea drinking is associated with a low level of depressive symptoms																														
TI Seeking greener pastures? The relationship between career satisfaction																														
TI Socioeconomic and behavioral differences in the consumption of fruits																														
TI Prevalence and risk factors of Helicobacter pylori infection in Chinese																														
TI Coffee consumption is inversely associated with depressive status in																														
TI Predicting success incorporating conservation subdivisions into land use																														
TI Measuring the potential implications of introducing a cap and share																														
TI An Activity-Based Costing Method for Sawmilling																														
TI Light availability for Chlorobium phaeobacteroides development in Lake																														
TI Tea Consumption and Risk of Head and Neck Cancer																														
TI The effect of yellow light onset time on older and younger drivers'																														
TI Modelling and analysis of sustainable operations management: certain																														
TI Biotic and abiotic regulation of resting spore formation in vivo of																														
TI Associations of complement factor B and complement component 2 genotypes																														
TI Can a large metropolis sustain complex herpetofauna communities? An																														
TI Diet habits																														
TI Future Directions in Housing and Public Health: Findings From Europe																														
TI Magnitude of Pharmacological Nonadherence in Hypertensive Patients																														
TI A Multilevel Analysis of Neighbourhood Built and Social Environments and																														
TI Misbehaviour in Pony Club horses: Incidence and risk factors																														
TI Current practices on sheep and beef farms in New Zealand for depriving																														
TI Effects of nitrogen and phosphorus on arsenite accumulation																														
TI Strategies to reduce the carbon footprint of consumer goods by																														
TI Applying analytic network process to evaluate the optimal recycling																														
TI Diagnosis of rhinosinusitis with a colorimetric sensor array																														
TI High Temperature of Food and Beverage Intake Increases the Risk of																														
TI Spatio-temporal dynamics of arabica coffee berry disease caused by																														
TI Investments of oil majors in liquid biofuels: The role of																														
TI Evaluation of Listener-Based Anuran Surveys with Automated Audio																														
TI Risk Factors for Cutaneous Human Papillomavirus Seroreactivity among																														
TI Proanthocyanidins and the risk of colorectal cancer in Italy																														
TI Low awareness of the Charles Bonnet syndrome in patients attending a																														
TI Investment with a Conscience: Examining the Impact of Pro-Social																														
TI A linked hydrodynamic																														
TI Proanthocyanidins and other flavonoids in relation to pancreatic cancer:																														
TI Prediction of posthepatectomy hepatic functional reserve by serum																														
TI Associations of tea and coffee consumption with prostate cancer risk																														
TI Association of Helicobacter pylori infection and diet on the risk of																														
TI Assessing the feasibility of a global model for multi-temporal burned																														
TI To Go or Not to Go Pedestrian Behavior at Intersections with Standard																														
TI Forecasting maturity of green peas: An application of neural networks																														
TI Real-time PCR detection of pathogenic microorganisms in roof-harvested																														
TI The water footprint of biofuel produced from forest wood residue via a																														
TI A Meta-Analysis of Environmentally Sustainable Supply Chain Management																														
TI Investigation of organic matter dynamics during in-vessel composting of																														
TI Fruit and vegetable consumption is inversely associated with having																														
TI Gene-gene interactions contribute to eye colour variation in humans																														
TI Greenspace and children's physical activity: A GPS/GIS analysis of the																														
TI Effect of restricted sight distances on driver behaviors during																														
TI Severe Periodontitis Is Inversely Associated with Coffee Consumption in																														
TI Impact of maximum sustainable yield on mutualistic communities																														
TI External Built Residential Environment Characteristics that Affect																														
TI Determinants of the decision to adopt improved maize variety by																														
TI Population Versus Hospital Controls in the Assessment of Dietary Intake																														
TI Factors influencing the adoption of pasture crop rotation in the																														
TI Hyperspectral indices for assessing damage by the solenopsis mealybug																														
TI Determination of the inhibitory concentration 50 % (IC50) of four																														
TI Relationship Between Coffee Consumption and Prevalence of Metabolic																														
TI Annual Bluegrass (Poa annua) Control in Glyphosate-Resistant Perennial																														
TI Expression analysis and study of KLK4 in benign and malignant breast																														
TI Microbial community structure changes during bioremediation of PAHs in																														
TI Greater vegetable and fruit intake is associated with a lower risk of																														
TI Fruits																														
TI Ecological modelling of habitat use and the annual activity patterns in																														
TI Modeling on chlorophyll a and phycocyanin production by Spirulina																														
TI Resting spore formation of aphid-pathogenic fungus Pandora nouryi																														
TI Abundance of two threatened woodpecker species in relation to the																														
TI WSSV risk factors related to water physico-chemical properties and																														
TI Neighbourhood safety and area deprivation modify the associations																														
TI Associations of Residential Density with Adolescents' Physical Activity																														
TI Dietary patterns and breast cancer risk in the Shanghai breast cancer																														
TI Suboptimal treatment adherence in bipolar disorder: impact on clinical																														
TI Violence against Women and Gastroschisis: A Case-Control Study																														
TI The lifetime of CFC substitutes studied by a network trained with																														
TI Socio-demographic and clinical factors influencing the adherence to																														
TI Association of Genetic Variation on Chromosome 9p21 with Polypoidal																														
TI Determinants and correlates of serum undercarboxylated osteocalcin																														
TI Antifouling activity of synthetic gamma-hydroxybutenolides																														
TI Are supplier selection criteria going green? Case studies of companies																														
TI The Impact of Information System-Enabled Supply Chain Process																														
TI Genetic Variants in PNPLA3 and Risk of Non-Alcoholic Fatty Liver Disease																														
TI Characteristics and risk factors for symptomatic Giardia lamblia																														
TI Phenology of a northern hardwood forest canopy																														
TI Growth and nutrient removal in free and immobilized planktonic green																														
TI Herders' willingness to accept versus the public sector's willingness to																														
TI Consumption rate																														
TI RPSA Gene Mutants Associated with Risk of Colorectal Cancer among the																														
TI Interaction of soy food and tea consumption with CYP19A1 genetic																														
TI Maternal Caffeine Consumption and Risk of Neural Tube Defects																														
TI Estimation of dietary folic acid intake in three generations of females																														
TI Coffee consumption and type 2 diabetes mellitus																														
TI Waste-solvent management as an element of green chemistry: A																														
TI Neighborhood built environment and physical activity of Japanese older																														
TI Consumption of foods rich in flavonoids is related to a decreased																														
TI Susceptibility of Red Rice Biotypes and Commercial Rice Cultivars to																														
TI Characteristics of physical activity levels among trail users in a US																														
TI Smoking and alcohol drinking increased the risk of esophageal cancer																														
TI Estimation of pruned biomass form dendrometric parameters on urban																														
TI Tea and Coffee Consumption and MRSA Nasal Carriage																														
"TI Determining advanced recycling fees and subsidies in ""E-scrap"" reverse"																														
TI Study on the use of a smart pillbox to improve treatment compliance																														
TI The joint effect of oxidative stress and antioxidants on the risk of an																														
TI Supply network synthesis on rubber seed oil utilisation as potential																														
TI Sustainable and Resilient Supply Chain Network Design under Disruption																														
TI TCF7L2 expression in diabetic patients undergoing bariatric surgery																														
TI Shaping the landscape: Fire-grazer interactions in an African savanna																														
TI Evaluation of Dietary and Life-Style Habits of Patients with Gastric																														
TI Intake of fruits and vegetables and polymorphisms in DNA repair genes in																														
TI A MULTISCALE APPROACH TO UNDERSTANDING SNAKE USE OF CONSERVATION BUFFER																														
TI A framework for standardized management of intrapartum fetal heart rate																														
TI Anuran Habitat Associations in the Northern Chihuahuan Desert																														
TI Mobile receivers: releasing the mooring to 'see' where fish go																														
TI Quorum Activation at a Distance: Spatiotemporal Patterns of Gene																														
TI Urinary polyphenols and breast cancer risk: results from the Shanghai																														
TI Recycling of gold from electronics: Cost-effective use through 'Design																														
TI Dietary risk factors for hypopharyngeal cancer in India																														
TI Growth Stage-Influenced Differential Response of Foxtail and Pigweed																														
TI Where to deliver baits for deworming urban red foxes for Echinococcus																														
TI Crop production for biogas and water protection-A trade-off?																														
TI Seasonal Variation in Fruit and Vegetable Consumption in a Rural																														
TI LOCALIZED SEPTORIA LEAF BLOTCH LESIONS IN WINTER WHEAT FLAG LEAF DO NOT																														
TI 'Here comes the sun': pigmentary traits and sun habits in women with																														
TI Herbal products use during pregnancy: prevalence and predictors																														
TI Liver Stiffness Value-Based Risk Estimation of Late Recurrence after																														
TI Prevalence																														
TI Natural Environments																														
TI Coffee and tea consumption and endometrial cancer risk in a																														
TI Compliance and satisfaction with raloxifene versus alendronate for the																														
TI PLA2G4A mutants modified protective effect of tea consumption against																														
TI The Novel Member of the BCL2 Gene Family																														
TI Self-control of traffic lights and vehicle flows in urban road networks																														
TI Risk and protective factors for development of colorectal polyps and																														
TI Patients' beliefs about long-term glucocorticoid therapy and their																														
TI Normalization of uncalibrated late-season digital aerial imagery for																														
TI Dietary flavonoid intake and lung cancer - A population-based																														
TI Association of Perception of Front-of-Pack Labels with Dietary																														
TI Effect of location in the canopy on the colour development of three																														
TI Effects of black and green tea consumption on blood glucose levels in																														
TI Quality or quantity? Exploring the relationship between Public Open																														
TI Summer variability																														
TI Nitrogen per unit leaf area affects the upper asymptote of Puccinia																														
TI Instant coffee consumption may be associated with higher risk of																														
TI Aphid dispersal flight disseminates fungal pathogens and parasitoids as																														
TI Evaluation of nutritive value and in vitro rumen fermentation gas																														
TI Sustainable SC through the complete reprocessing of end-of-life products																														
TI The Association Between Use of Dietary Supplements and Headache or																														
TI Sports facilities in Madrid explain the relationship between																														
TI Interaction of geomorphic and ecologic features across altitudinal zones																														
TI From landfill to water																														
TI Disparate outcomes in pediatric peritoneal dialysis patients by																														
TI Nutritional and Weight Management Behaviors in Low-Income Women Trying																														
TI Evaluation of the effect of dietary vegetable consumption on reducing																														
TI Expression analysis and clinical utility of L-Dopa decarboxylase (DDC)																														
TI When functional habitat does not match vegetation types: A																														
TI A bean-free diet increases the risk of all-cause mortality among																														
TI Tea Consumption and Risk of Breast Cancer																														
TI Environmental management system certification and its influence on																														
TI Econometric analysis of the determinants of adoption of rainwater																														
TI Glaucoma risk and the consumption of fruits and vegetables among older																														
TI The Association Between Sport Participation and Dietary Behaviors Among																														
TI Tea consumption and cognitive impairment and decline in older Chinese																														
TI Correlation of cerebrovascular symptoms and microembolic signals with																														
TI Tea																														
TI Adverse Outcomes in Patients with Postoperative Ascites after Liver																														
TI Neighborhood Greenness and 2-Year Changes in Body Mass Index of Children																														
TI Dietary patterns in urban Ghana and risk of type 2 diabetes																														
TI Adherence to treatment																														
TI Raw Garlic Consumption as a Protective Factor for Lung Cancer																														
TI Sustainable purchasing and supply management: a structured literature																														
TI Roost tree use by maternity colonies of Indiana bats and northern																														
TI Effects of salvage logging on avian nest survival in beetle-killed																														
TI Predicting risks of invasion of macroalgae in the genus Caulerpa in																														
TI Dietary patterns of rural older adults are associated with weight and																														
TI Assessment of aphid host range and isolate variability in Pandora																														
TI Farm Management																														
TI Vertical changes in the probability distribution of downward irradiance																														
TI Sensible operational choices for the climate change agenda																														
TI Clinical significance of low serum magnesium in pregnant women attending																														
TI The effect of risk perception on public preferences and willingness to																														
TI Social dimensions related to anaemia among women of childbearing age																														
TI Iron intake does not significantly correlate with iron deficiency among																														
TI Dietary folate intake																														
TI Prevalence and risk factors for self-reported asthma in an adult Indian																														
TI Design of forest energy supply networks using multi-objective																														
TI The formation																														
TI Genetic Polymorphisms in Nitric Oxide Synthase Genes Modify the																														
TI Evaluation of primary models to describe the growth of Pichia anomala																														
TI Dietary patterns and metabolic syndrome in a Japanese working population																														
TI Prevalence and predictive factors of diabetes in hepatitis virus																														
TI Validating satellite phenology through intensive ground observation and																														
TI Exploring consumer adoption of a high involvement eco-innovation using																														
TI Late-season digital aerial imagery and stalk nitrate testing to estimate																														
TI The Association of Consumption of Fruits/Vegetables With Decreased Risk																														
TI Energy Recovery from Sugarcane-Trash in the Light of 2nd Generation																														
TI Classification of pre-sliced pork and Turkey ham qualities based on																														
TI Increased Caffeine Consumption Is Associated with Reduced Hepatic																														
TI Gargling with tea catechin extracts for the prevention of influenza																														
TI Fluid intake																														
TI The Clinical Behavior of Transplantable Recurrent Hepatocellular																														
TI SGA Scores Have Poor Correlation With Serum Albumin in Obese																														
TI Determining and applying sustainable supplier key performance indicators																														
TI Frequency of symptomatic trees removal in small citrus blocks on citrus																														
TI Crustal structure of Australia from ambient seismic noise tomography																														
TI Associations of Complement Factor H (CFH) and Age-Related Maculopathy																														
TI Modeling effects of soil																														
TI Functional liver reserve parameters predictive for posthepatectomy																														
TI Role of free school lunch in the associations between																														
TI Indoor air pollution and risk of lung cancer among Chinese female																														
TI Quantitative expression analysis and study of the novel human																														
TI Rapid-fire fulfillment																														
TI Coffee has hepatoprotective benefits in Brazilian patients with chronic																														
TI HEDONIC RESPONSES AND INDIVIDUAL DEFINITIONS OF AN IDEAL APPLE AS																														
TI Maternal tea consumption during early pregnancy and the risk of spina																														
TI Postnatal growth patterns in eight species of herons and egrets																														
TI Dietary Factors and Risk of Pancreatic Cancer: a Multi-Centre																														
TI Ecotoxicity and biodegradability of an alkyl ethoxysulphate surfactant																														
TI Effects of a Rest-Rotation Grazing System on Wintering Elk Distributions																														
TI From precommissioning to startup: Getting chemical injection right																														
TI Impact of Tax Reduction Policies on Consumer Purchase of New																														
TI Risk Factors for Development of Full-Thickness Macular Holes After Pars																														
TI Occurrence of Harmonia axyridis (Coleoptera: Coccinellidae) in field																														
TI Shear wave structural models of Venice Plain																														
TI Assessment of algal farm designs using a dynamic modular approach																														
TI An empirical probability model of detecting species at low densities																														
TI Illness behaviour and antibiotic prescription in patients with																														
TI Normal color variations of the canine ocular fundus																														
TI Risk factors for small-for-gestational-age infants by customised																														
TI DOSE-RESPONSE REGRESSIONS FOR ALGAL GROWTH AND SIMILAR CONTINUOUS																														
TI Spring and summer habitat preferences of little bustard in an																														
TI Dietary diversification for prevention of anaemia among women of																														
TI Modeling morphological dynamics and color characteristics of rice																														
TI A comparison of multiple phenology data sources for estimating seasonal																														
TI Efficacy of trap and lure types for detection of Agrilus planipennis																														
TI Total fluid and specific beverage intake and risk of renal cell																														
TI Nitrogen leaching losses after biogas residue application to maize																														
TI Farm-Level Risk Factors for Fish-Borne Zoonotic Trematode Infection in																														
TI An evaluation of Winnipeg's photo enforcement safety program: Results of																														
TI Diffuse retinal pigment epitheliopathy among the inhabitants of																														
TI Dietary magnesium intake is related to metabolic syndrome in older																														
TI Time 2 tlk 2nite: Use of Electronic Media by Adolescents during Family																														
TI The needle and the damage done: Clinical and behavioural markers of																														
TI Factors influencing zinc status of apparently healthy Indians																														
TI Increased RANKL/OPG mRNA ratio in iliac bone biopsies from women with																														
TI Tea and coffee consumption and risk of oral cavity cancer: Results of a																														
TI Greater intake of fruit and vegetables is associated with lower risk of																														
TI Diet																														
TI Clustering of and Risk Factors for the Porcine High Fever Disease in a																														
TI Patterns of plant traits in annual vegetation of man-made habitats in																														
TI Framing sustainability performance of supply chains with																														
TI An accurate predictor of liver failure and death after hepatectomy: A																														
TI Use of gradient plates to study combined effects of temperature																														
TI Oxygen dynamics of aquatic Closed Ecological Systems: Comparing the																														
TI Intake of food groups and idiopathic asthenozoospermia: a casecontrol																														
TI Prevalence and Correlates of Vitamin and Supplement Usage Among Men With																														
TI Vegetables																														
TI CK19																														
TI Food-frequency questionnaire-based estimates of total antioxidant																														
TI Associations Between Environmental Characteristics and Active Commuting																														
TI Personal and Environmental Characteristics Associated with Choice of																														
TI Smoking																														
TI Ethnicity and Cutaneous Melanoma in the City of Sao Paulo																														
TI Epidemiology of recreational exposure to freshwater cyanobacteria - an																														
TI Tea consumption																														
TI Simulated wetland conservation-restoration effects on water quantity and																														
TI Association between dietary calcium and vitamin D intake and cervical																														
TI Tear film																														
TI Optimization of The Electroporation Conditions for Transfection of Human																														
TI Growth of captive leatherback turtles																														
TI Europe's top 10 invasive species: relative importance of climatic																														
TI Use of summer harvested common reed (Phragmites australis) as nutrient																														
TI The common occurrence of epistasis in the determination of human																														
TI Ambulatory-Based Standardized Therapy for Multi-Drug Resistant																														
TI Viral DNA load																														
TI Estimating grizzly bear distribution and abundance relative to habitat																														
TI Associations between neighbourhood environmental characteristics and																														
AB Survival of the green fluorescent protein-transformed human pathogens Escherichia coli O157:H7 and Salmonella enterica serovar Typhimurium was studied in a laboratory-simulated lettuce production chain. Dairy cows were fed three different roughage types: high-digestible grass silage plus maize silage (6:4)	 low-digestible grass silage	 and straw. Each was adjusted with supplemental concentrates to high and low crude protein levels. The pathogens were added to manure	 which was subsequently mixed (after 56 and 28 days for E. coli O157:H7 and Salmonella serovar Typhimurium	 respectively) with two pairs of organically and conventionally managed loamy and sandy soil. After another 14 days	 iceberg lettuce seedlings were planted and then checked for pathogens after 21 days of growth. Survival data were fitted to a logistic decline function (exponential for E. coli O157:H7 in soil). Roughage type significantly influenced the rate of decline of E. coli O157:H7 in manure	 with the fastest decline in manure from the pure straw diet and the slowest in manure from the diet of grass silage plus maize silage. Roughage type showed no effect on the rate of decline of Salmonella serovar Typhimurium	 although decline was significantly faster in the manure derived from straw than in the manure from the diet of grass silage plus maize silage. The pH and fiber content of the manure were significant explanatory factors and were positively correlated with the rate of decline. With E. coli O157:H7 there was a trend of faster decline in organic than in conventional soils. No pathogens were detected in the edible lettuce parts. The results indicate that cattle diet and soil management are important factors with respect to the survival of human pathogens in the environment.																							
AB Objectives: To determine the prevalence of leukoplakia	" oral submucous fibrosis and papilloma among ""Green Marble Mines"" laborer and uncover its relation with occupational stress."																													
AB Understanding of the shoot growth pattern and precise determination of flush maturation time is the key to targeted management of flush cycle	 which is important for productivity of litchi. In this study	 the shoot growth rhythm and changes in leaf greenness and functionality in developing leaves were studied for two consecutive years in litchi (Litchi chinensis Sonn.)	 a typical tree species with delayed greening leaves. Two cultivars 'Baili' and 'Heiye' with significant difference in leaf greenness were compared. The study showed that the shoot growth was cyclic but the stem expansion continued until winter. Leaf greenness	 indicated by SPAD value	 increased with leaf maturation following a modified logistic model. The asymptotic deceleration point (PDA) was assumed as the full maturity point of the new leaves	 when their SPAD value had increased to 90% of its maximum (V-max). The average SPAD values at PDA were 45 and 31 in 'Heiye' and 'Baili'	 respectively. At this point	 maximal net CO2 assimilation (A) and photochemical efficiency of photosystem II (PSII) (Fv/Fm) were attained. The average growing degree days (GDD) for flush growth from bud break till SPAD value reached PDA across seasons were similar in 'Baili' and 'Heiye' (587.4 degrees D vs 546.7 degrees D). It was concluded that the apical meristem of litchi alternates between resting and active states	 while the vascular cambium maintains active state throughout the growth season. SPAD meter provides a rapid and non-destructive technique to indicate the flush maturity of litchi with delayed greening leaves. Thermal time for flush growth was not significantly different between the two cultivars despite their great difference in leaf greenness. (C) 2014 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.																					
AB Bicycles and transit systems are considered robe the pinnacle of green transportation. The combined use of the two could provide a competitive alternative for an integrated	 green	 and seamless service	 yet relatively few studies have investigated the multimodal integration problems of the entire service chain from the perspective of users. Users' perceived inconvenience during travel can be regarded as a latent construct that describes an unobservable and immeasurable characteristic. Nevertheless	 the traditional Likert method in an ordinal scale causes a misleading statistical inference. The Rasch model eliminates such bias generated by an ordinal scale through a logistic linear transformation	 and it compares person parameters with item parameters	 which are then subjected to a logarithmic transformation along a logit scale to clearly identify which service items' inconvenience cannot be easily overcome by certain users. This empirical study demonstrates that perceived inconveniences differ based on the users' sex	 riding frequency	 trip purpose	 and environmental awareness. The differential item functioning analysis that was adopted in this study can identify the critical factors leading to the differences in perceived inconvenience. Our empirical results suggest that a male cyclist who is a commuter with a high monthly riding frequency and who is environmentally conscious has a better ability than their counterpart to overcome perceived inconveniences during travel using a bicycle-transit service. To effectively mitigate users' perceived inconvenience	 the Rasch analytical results suggest that the improvement of the intra-transit system factors in the short term and the improvement of external environmental factors in the long term will be successful. The information herein proves useful for transportation planners and policy makers when considering the special travel needs of certain groups to create a user-friendly bicycle-transit travel environment that promotes its usage. (C) 2012 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.																				
AB Capsule Suburban House Sparrows prefer gardens with native bushes but show no detectable response to garden insecticide use.																														
AB Background: Ischemic heart disease (IHD) is a leading cause of death in India. Dietary changes could reduce risk	 but few studies have addressed the association between diet and IHD risk in India.																													
AB This article describes the development of a geographic information systems (GIS) based biomass transport analysis tool BIT-UU used in combination with the European renewable energy model Green-X. BIT-UU calculates cost and GHG emissions from lowest cost routes	 using intermodal transport (by road	 rail	 inland waterways and sea) between origins of supply and demand destinations. With the developed biomass trade module in Green-X	 the role of bioenergy can be evaluated in the larger context of renewable energy deployment. The modeling framework takes into account the current and future energy policies at EU and country levels	 competition with alternative sources of renewable energy (e.g. photovoltaic	 wind) and sectors (electricity	 heat	 transport fuels) as well as competition between EU member states for the same biomass resources. Scenario projections to 2020 are used to demonstrate the developed modeling framework. According to these scenarios	 biomass from domestic supply remains the most important source of bioenergy (91-93% in 2020). However	 the role of traded solid biomass will become increasingly important. With a business as usual scenario	 assuming continuation of current renewable energy policies to 2020	 the binding renewable energy targets will not be achieved	 but trade of solid biomass will still Increase up to 451 PJ in 2020. In the scenario that meets the conditions to achieve the 20% renewable energy target in 2020	 traded solid biomass is projected to increase to 440 PJ if sustainability criteria are applied (minimum GHG saving) and 506 PJ without these sustainability regulations. Because imports of solid biomass from outside the EU are projected to become larger than intra-EU trade in the scenarios	 the scenarios show the importance of improving the representation of extra-EU biomass sources and trade in the modeling framework. (C) 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.															
AB Background: Research on the association between fruit and vegetable intake and risk of colorectal adenoma is inconclusive.																														
AB AIM: To evaluate the association and interaction of genetic polymorphisms in methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase (MTHER) and cytochrome P4502E1 (CY-P4502E1)	 environment risk factors with esophageal cancer (EC) in Kazakh	 a high EC incidence area of Xinji-ang Uygur Autonomous Region	 China.																											
AB BACKGROUND: Acute liver failure (ALF) is an acute severe deterioration of liver function with high mortality. Early and accurate prognostic assessment of patients with ALF is critically important. Although the model for end-stage liver disease (MELD) scores and King's College Hospital (KCH) criteria are well-accepted as predictive tools	 their accuracy is unsatisfactory. The indocyanine green (ICG) clearance test (ICGR15	 ICG retention rate at the 15 minutes) is a sensitive indicator of liver function. In this study	 we investigated the efficacy of the ICGR15 for the short-term prognosis in patients with ALF. We compared the predictive value of ICGR15 with the MELD scores and KCH criteria.																											
AB Freight transport has undesirable effects on the environment. The most prominent of these is greenhouse gas emissions. Intermodal freight transport	 where freight is shipped from origin to destination by a sequence of at least two transportation modes	 offers the possibility of shifting freight (either partially or in full) from one mode to another in the hope of reducing the greenhouse emissions by appropriately scheduling the services and routing the freight. Traditional planning methods for scheduling services in an intermodal transportation network usually focus on minimizing travel or time-related costs of transport. This article breaks away from such an approach by addressing the issue of incorporating environment- related costs (greenhouse gases	 to be specific) into freight transportation planning and proposes an integer program in the form of a linear cost	 multicommodity	 capacitated network design formulation that minimizes the amount of greenhouse gas emissions of transportation activities. Computational results based on an application of the proposed approach on a real-life rail freight transportation network are presented. Journal of the Operational Research Society (2010) 61	 530-542. doi: 10.1057/jors.2009.102 Published online 23 September 2009																								
AB The findings from an inductive study conducted in the United States and Europe focused on sustainability implementation efforts across supply chains are reported. In particular	 the study focuses on developing a better understanding of: how do companies involve other members of their supply chain into their sustainability efforts? Building upon themes that emerged from the data	 a typology for the supply chain implementation of sustainability initiatives is proposed. A lack of supply chain integration was identified and companies reported a tendency toward a mandated implementation when extending efforts across companies. These efforts are generally initiated by the dominant companies and then forced onto the weaker upstream members. The data suggests that the merits of these initiatives are viewed as being disproportionately awarded to the dominant firm and thus did not receive full buy-in from the other party. A common vision by both sides of this relationship is to develop a more collaborative implementation that can be supported by all the involved parties. In theoretical implications	 empirical findings are viewed through the lens of several prominent management theories in order to augment and elaborate current theory. Managerial implications	 limitations	 and opportunities for further research are detailed.																									
AB Aim. To estimate a diagnostic algorithm for anxiodepressive disorders (ADD) in coronary patients in general therapeutic practice.																														
AB How can societies ensure urban residents' access to health-promoting green spaces while also pursuing the benefits of densification? Evidence of a relationship between leisure home ownership and health can inform efforts to resolve this dilemma. Using longitudinal register data	 we assessed the prospective association between ownership of a leisure home and early retirement for health reasons among 42 588 adults residing in high-density Swedish urban municipalities. The research design included controls for 'drift' of unhealthy people into particular residential circumstances	 and other potential alternative explanations for the association of focal interest. After adjustment for age	 socioeconomic position	 and type of primary housing	 logistic regression analysis revealed that men with a leisure home had lower odds of early retirement for health reasons than men who did not own a leisure home. Among women	 leisure home ownership interacted with socioeconomic position; in contrast to nonowners	 women who owned a leisure home had higher odds of early retirement for health reasons if they also had higher levels of education and employment income. The associations we have uncovered provide additional insight on the relationship between access to natural environments and health	 and they warrant consideration in efforts to resolve the densification dilemma.																						
AB Tea drinking has been suggested to be beneficial in neurodegenerative diseases where depressive mood is a common symptom. Nevertheless	 it is not known whether there are any associations between tea drinking and depression in general populations. In this study we investigated these associations in a sample of the Finnish general population (n = 2011) using a postal questionnaire and the Beck Depression Inventory (BDI). Those who reported drinking tea daily were less depressed than the others. They had a lower mean BDI score and also a lower prevalence of depression. None of those whose daily tea intake was five cups or more had depression. Several potential confounding factors were included in the final sex- and age-adjusted multivariate logistic regression model which suggested that those who drink tea daily may have a significantly reduced risk of being depressed (adjusted odds ratio 0.47	 95 confidence interval 0.27-0.83). In conclusion	 an inverse relationship between daily tea drinking and the risk of being depressed was found in a relatively large general population sample. Nevertheless	 the underlying mechanisms are unresolved and further studies are needed.																										
AB A significant number of physicians from developing nations emigrate to developed nations in search of better career opportunities. In addition to crippling the health systems of developing nations	 the emigration of physicians from sub-Saharan African (SSA) countries results in a loss of return on investment to these nations. The purpose of this study was to identify the relationship between career satisfaction and the intention of active Ghanaian physicians to leave the country within the next 5 years.																													
AB Objective																														
AB Background: Helicobacter pylori infection is very common worldwide.																														
AB Depression has been reported to be more prevalent among diabetic patients than non-diabetic individuals. Although depression and diabetes are causally and bi-directionally related	 the influence of food intake frequency on depressive symptoms. in diabetic patients has not been fully evaluated. This cross-sectional study analyzed data obtained from 89 patients with type 2 diabetes who completed self-administered questionnaires regarding food intake frequency	 diabetic variables	" physical activity and depressive states. The prevalence of a ""definite"" depressive state was 16.9%. The duration of diabetes"	 hemoglobin A1c levels	 diabetic microvascular complications and physical activity levels were similar between depressed and non-depressed patients. Daily intakes of total lipids	 n-6 polyunsaturated fatty acids and lipid energy ratios were significantly lower	 and the carbohydrate energy ratio was significantly higher in depressed than in non-depressed patients. Coffee consumption was inversely associated with depressive symptoms	 but no significant association was found between tea or green tea consumption and depressive symptoms. The logistic regression analysis showed that coffee consumption was an independent predictor of non-depressed status in diabetic patients. This might be due to biologically active compounds containing in coffee other than caffeine.																						
AB Conservation subdivisions have emerged as a development option for communities wishing to conserve important ecological features and maintain rural character without decreasing housing density. Yet	 these alternatives to conventional subdivisions rarely are used. We used logistic regression models to identify variables that predict county level success at adopting an ordinance and having a conservation subdivision built. Important predictors for adopting ordinances were median income	 percent urban population	 and a negative interaction between the two variables; important predictors for successfully completing a conservation subdivision were the adoption of an ordinance allowing conservation subdivisions and percent of residents with at least a four year college degree. Urban counties and the rural counties with higher median income were most successful adopting ordinances. Urban counties with higher education levels and an ordinance in place were most likely to have a conservation subdivision built within them. In poor rural counties	 implementation may be more difficult because of limited resources to develop ordinances; these counties could collaborate with land trusts	 other planning departments	 or a regional council of governments to help lessen the financial burden associated with rewriting ordinances and implementing new land use practices. (C) 2012 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.																								
AB This paper examines some of the potential impacts of introducing a cap and share scheme in Ireland. Under such a scheme a cap or limit is placed on national CO(2) emissions and individuals are allocated an annual CO(2) allowance. The research presented in this paper focuses on travel-to-work trips specifically. CO(2) emissions for these annual work trips are calculated and a cap is determined based on these results. Cap levels are set based on average emissions and a 20% reduction in average emissions as per Ireland's reduction targets. A national and Dublin only cap are examined and the results are presented as a means of comparison. Binary logistic models are used to determine the socio-economic characteristics of individuals who fall above and below the cap. The results demonstrate the importance of car ownership	 journey distance	 mode choice and household composition in determining whether a commuter is above or below the cap. Many commuters who fall above the cap are likely drive to work over long distances	 have dependent children in their household and own more than one car. (c) 2011 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.																											
AB The production cost of lumber is a key factor when determining the price of logs at a sawmill gate. Some of the production costs are also manageable elements in price setting. There is a lack of exact knowledge of how the costs really act when some factor of production varies. This study introduces an activity-based costing (ABC) method for a large-scale sawmill that produces approximately 200	000 m(3) of sawn lumber annually. Production processes were identified and their cost structures were analyzed in detail. The identified processes were log receiving	 unloading and log sorting	 log debarking	 sawing and edging	 green sorting and stickering	 drying	 quality sorting	 and packing and storing with shipping. Resources	 activities	 and cost drivers were defined for each process. Sensitivity and applicability of the costing model were analyzed with two case studies in a virtual sawmill. Results indicate that the sawing pattern is an important variable in the production cost formation: a 16 percent decrement in the volume of sawn lumber led to a 4.5 percent cost reduction with the same log distribution. The findings of this study support the ABC method being a useful tool in controlling cost at a sawmill and a cost structure of a sawmill having an effect on the logistic chain of timber procurement.																				
AB The green sulfur bacterium Chlorobium phaeobacteroides forms a dense population in the oxygen-devoid layers of Lake Kinneret	 Israel	 from July throughout November. The typical vertical distribution of the species is characterized by a prominent peak at the center of the metalimnion	 but the light available at that depth in Lake Kinneret is far below the values that enable maximal photosynthetic activity of C. phaeobacteroides. In this paper	 we report on our findings regarding the characteristics of C. phaeobacteroides development in Lake Kinneret	 both in space and time. We further quantified the available light in the metalinmion and suggest a model for the development of C. phaeobacteroides in the lake. Spatial analysis of C. phaeobacteroides suggest that a combination of diurnal north-west wind	 diurnal oscillations of the metalimnion and the hours of sunlight result in a situation in which the metalimnion in some parts of the lake is exposed to slightly higher light intensities than the other parts of the lake	 and therefore allows higher concentrations of C. phaeobacteroides to develop. The analysis of C. phaeobacteroides with time suggests that it can be described fairly well by the logistic growth model.																							
AB Background: The current study evaluated the association between tea consumption and head and neck cancer (HNC) in Taiwan	 where tea is a major agricultural product and a popular beverage.																													
AB To understand why older drivers are over-represented in intersection crashes	 this study sought to describe the intersection performance of older and younger drivers when traffic lights changed from green to yellow at the last second. Using a moderate-fidelity driving simulator	 time to stop line (TSL) at yellow onset was manipulated as drivers approached intersections at 70 km/h (42 mph). Seventy-seven participants	 approximately balanced for gender and age group	 volunteered from the age categories of IS to 24	 25 to 35	 55 to 64	 and 65+. Driver decisions to stop or go were predicted using a logistic regression model with time to stop line as the single significant predictor. There were no age differences in perception response time (PRT). Older drivers approached intersections at a lower velocity and stopped more accurately than younger drivers. For those drivers who chose to go through the yellow light	 speed profiles across the intersection and intersection clearance indicate that older drivers are more likely to be in the intersection when the light changed to red. A PRT of 1.0 s for yellow signal phasing was sufficient for all age groups. (c) 2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.																						
AB Sustainable operations management (SOM) can be defined as the operations strategies	 tactics and techniques	 and operational policies to support both economic and environmental objectives and goals. The subject of sustainability has gained much attention from both researchers and practitioners in the past 6-8 years. Most of the articles deal with sustainability from environmental perspectives	 but a limited number of them integrate both economic and environmental implications or focus on trading-off between profitability	 competitiveness and environmental dimensions. Moreover	 there is a limited focus on modelling and analysis (MA) of SOM integrating and balancing the interests of both economic and environmental interests. Therefore	 an attempt has been made in this paper to review the extant literature on SOM. The objective is to understand the definition of SOM and present the current status of research in MA	 as well as future research directions in the field. Considering the recent focus of the subject	 we review the literature on MA of SOM beginning in 2000 in order to make our study current and more relevant for both researchers and practitioners. Finally	 a summary of findings and conclusions is reported.																					
AB Entomophthoralean fungus Pandora nouryi is an obligate aphid pathogen that enables to produce resting spores (azygospores) for surviving host absence. To explore possible mechanisms involved in the regulation of resting spore formation in vivo	 host cohorts consisting of 40-60 nymphs of green peach aphid Myzus persicae produced within 24 h on cabbage leaf discs in petri dishes were exposed to spore showers of P. nouryi at the concentrations (C) from a very few to nearly 2000 conidia/mm(2) and then reared for 7-11 days at the regimes of 10-25 degrees C (7 and 8-16 h daylight (H-L) or ambient (17.5 +/- 3.1 degrees C	 13:11 L:D). Aphid mortalities observed from 35-83 cohorts (showered separately) at each regime showed typical sigmoid trend and fit well a general logistic equation (0.79 <= r(2) <= 0.88)	 yielding similar LC50 estimates of 1.7-6.1 coniclia/mm(2). The proportions (P) of cadavers forming resting spores in the cohorts also fit the same equation (0.73 <= r(2) <= 0.85) at all tested regimes except at 10 degrees C. a low temperature for the host-pathogen interaction. This indicates the dependence of resting spore formation on the spore concentration. The effects of T and HL on P over C were well elucidated by the fitted modified logistic equations P = 0.578/{1 + exp[1.710 - (0.136 - 0.0053T)C]} and P = 0.534/{1 + exp[1.639 + (0.034 - 0.0053H(L))C]} (both r2 = 0.79). Our results highlight that the resting spore formation in vivo of P. nouryi is regulated primarily by the concentration of host-infecting conidia discharged from cadavers and facilitated by lower temperature and longer daylight. (C) 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.																											
AB Background: We previously reported on subtypes of polypoidal choroidal vasculopathy (PCV)	 and categorized PCV as polypoidal choroidal neovascularization (CNV) and typical PCV. The aim of this study was to clarify whether complement component 2 (C2) and complement factor B (CFB) genotypes are associated with subtypes of polypoidal choroidal vasculopathy	 such as polypoidal CNV and typical PCV.																												
AB Urban areas are primary causes of species' range fragmentation and reduction. However	 relatively few studies have attempted to describe the habitat variables influencing the diversity and conservation of amphibians and reptiles	 particularly in Mediterranean Europe and in large metropolitan areas. We explored this broad conservation ecology problem by studying the richness and diversity patterns in relation to a suite of six independent habitat variables in Rome	 one of the most ancient cities of the world. We considered all the green remnant areas (n=62) of Rome	 ranging 1 to > 1000 ha in size	 which are interspersed within a sea of urbanized matrix. A total of 10 amphibian and 15 reptile species were studied. Their presence/absence patterns were assessed and the effects of the various habitat variables on each species were predicted by a logistic regression model. A total of 1261 presence records (404 amphibians and 857 reptiles) were analysed. Fragment size and wood size within each fragment did correlate significantly with the species richness of both amphibians and reptiles	 and there was a clear threshold effect after 50 ha of wooded surface. The presence of water bodies positively affected the species distribution. One amphibian and three reptiles inhabited exclusively fragments > 50 ha. The distance from the centre did not affect fragment species richness. The presence of most species of both amphibians and reptiles was positively influenced by the irregular versus circular shape of the wooded area. The legal protection of a given area did not influence the observed patterns but the total number of sheltered species. Overall	 our study suggests that	 in order to maintain the current diversity and population viability	 it is necessary	 in addition to water bodies' maintenance	 to (1) preserve the wooded landscapes over 50 ha; (2) promote irregularly shaped increases in the wood surface; (3) maintain ecotonal boundaries.																			
AB Objective This study aims to investigate the risk of esophageal squamous cell carcinoma in relation to exogenous factors in a rural area of China with a	 high incidence of esophageal squamous cell carcinoma.																													
AB Problem: Chronic diseases such as asthma are rising at alarming rates in the United States and worldwide. Housing environments play an important	 underappreciated role in these trends. Purpose: In this article	 we document the magnitude of the association between housing conditions and asthma and related respiratory symptoms	 present examples of new systems for addressing adverse effects of housing on health	 and discuss how planners might require or encourage such innovations. Methods: We use logistic regressions based on household survey data from seven European cities to show the magnitude of the association between housing conditions and noise annoyance and the exacerbation of asthma and related respiratory symptoms. To support our argument that new housing intervention systems show great promise for alleviating current housing-related health challenges	 we offer several different examples of green building criteria that incorporate health measures. Results and conclusions: After taking into consideration individual-level characteristics	 we found that respondents across a range of cities who were strongly annoyed by general neighborhood noise had twice the odds of a doctor-diagnosed asthma attack or related respiratory symptom than those not at all annoyed. Those strongly annoyed by traffic noise had 68% higher odds. Drainage problems at the housing unit were associated with 54% higher odds of experiencing respiratory symptoms	 building structural problems with 27% higher odds	 and a leaky roof with 35% higher odds. We identify healthy housing development	 construction	 and housing rehabilitation systems as promising initiatives for addressing the web of associations between housing and health. We suggest that funds such as Community Development Block Grants or housing trusts could subsidize such efforts	 and various existing planning processes could incorporate health requirements or scoring criteria. Takeaway for practice: There is compelling evidence that housing conditions are associated with poor health. Planners should inform themselves about these and identify opportunities to incorporate health considerations into planning that affects housing. Research support: None.																			
AB BACKGROUND: The most common factor associated with poor control of hypertension Is treatment nonadherence to antihypertensive drug therapy.																														
AB Canadian research examining the combined effects of social and built environments on physical activity (PA) and obesity is limited. The purpose of this study was to determine the relationships among built and social environments and PA and overweight/obesity in 85 Ottawa neighbourhoods. Self-reported PA	 height and weight were collected from 3	883 adults using the International PA Questionnaire from the 2003-2007 samples of the Rapid Risk Factor Surveillance System. Data on neighbourhood characteristics were obtained from the Ottawa Neighbourhood Study; a large study of neighbourhoods and health in Ottawa. Two-level binomial logistic regression models stratified by sex were used to examine the relationships of environmental and individual variables with PA and overweight/obesity while using survey weights. Results identified that approximately half of the adults were insufficiently active or overweight/obese. Multilevel models identified that for every additional convenience store	 men were two times more likely to be physically active (OR = 2.08	 95% CI: 1.72	 2.43) and with every additional specialty food store women were almost two times more likely to be overweight or obese (OR = 1.77	 95% CI: 1.33	 2.20). Higher green space was associated with a reduced likelihood of PA (OR = 0.93	 95% CI: 0.86	 0.99) and increased odds of overweight and obesity in men (OR = 1.10	 95% CI: 1.01	 1.19)	 and decreased odds of overweight/obesity in women (OR = 0.66	 95% CI: 0.44	 0.89). In men	 neighbourhood socioeconomic scores	 voting rates and sense of community belonging were all significantly associated with overweight/obesity. Intraclass coefficients were low	 but identified that the majority of neighbourhood variation in outcomes was explained by the models. Findings identified that green space	 food landscapes and social cohesiveness may play different roles on PA and overweight/obesity in men and women and future prospective studies are needed.												
AB Reasons for performing study: Horse misbehaviour is an important cause of poor performance in Pony Club horses	 is associated with horse-related rider injuries and has been implicated as a nonspecific presenting sign for musculoskeletal pain. Despite this	 little is known about the incidence of and risk factors for misbehaviour in Pony Club horses.																												
AB AIM: To assess current practices on sheep and beef farms that deprive sheep of feed prior to transport to facilitate effluent management and processing at slaughter.																														
AB We studied arsenite (iAs(III)) accumulation	 oxidation	 and toxicity in the freshwater green alga Chlamydomonas reinhardtii under nutrient-enriched (+NP)	 phosphorus-limited (-P)	 and nitrogen-limited (-N) conditions. The -P alga (55.1 mu M) had a Michaelis constant (K-d) for uptake approximately one tenth of the +NP (419 mu M) and -N (501 mu M) cells	 indicating iAs(III) uptake inhibition by extracellular phosphate. This conclusion was supported by the hyperbolic reduction in iAs(III) uptake rate (V) from 9.2 to 0.8 mu mol/g-dw/h when the extracellular phosphate concentration went up from 0 to 250 mu M. The maximal iAs(III) uptake rate (V-max) of the -N alga (24.3 mu mol/g-dw/h) was twice as much as that of the +NP (12 mu mol/g-dw/h) and -P (8.1 mu mol/g-dw/h) cells. It implies that more arsenic transporters were synthesized under the -N condition. Once accumulated	 iAs(III) was oxidized and a higher proportion of arsenate (iAs(V)) was observed at lower [As](dis) or under nutrient-limited conditions. Nevertheless	 iAs(III) oxidation mainly occurred outside the cells with the extent of oxidation reciprocal to [As](dis). Based on the logistic modeling of the concentration-response curves in the +NP	 -P	 and -N toxicity tests	 iAs(III) had an [As](dis)-based EC50 of 1763	13.1	 and 1208 mu M and an intracellular arsenic concentration based EC50 of 35.6	28.8	 and 195 mu mol/g-dw	 respectively. Higher toxicity to the -P cells occured because of their increased iAs(III) accumulation	 whereas the underlying mechanisms why the -N alga was more tolerant need to be further revealed. Overall	 both N and P had remarkable effects on the behavior and effects of iAs(III)	 which cannot be disregarded in the biogeochemical cycling research of arsenic. (C) 2014 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.												
AB Consumer goods contribute to anthropogenic climate change across their product life cycles through carbon emissions arising from raw materials extraction	 processing	 logistics	 retail and storage	 through to consumer use and disposal. How can consumer goods manufacturers make stepwise reductions in their product life cycle carbon emissions by engaging with	 and influencing their main stakeholders? A semi-structured interview approach was used: to identify strategies and actions	 stakeholders in the consumer goods industry (suppliers	 manufacturers	 retailers and NGOs) were interviewed about carbon emissions reduction projects. Based on this	 a summarising presentation was made	 which was shared during a second round of interviews to validate and refine the results. The results demonstrate several opportunities that have not yet been exploited by companies. These include editing product choice in stores to remove products with higher carbon footprints	 using marketing competences for environmental benefits	 and bundling competences to create win-win-win business models. Governments and NGOs have important enabling roles to accelerate industry change. Although this work was initially developed to explore how companies can reduce life cycle carbon emissions of their products	 these strategies and actions also give insights on how companies can influence and anticipate stakeholder actions in general. (C) 2012 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.																	
AB This research presents an evaluation model to evaluate the various recycling strategies to obtain the optimal recycling collection strategy in the upstream of the solar energy industry (SEI). The recycling process includes three major stages: (1) collection	 (2) inspection	 and (3) process. The proposed model combines the benefits	 opportunities	 costs and risks (BOCR) and balance scorecard (BSC) model. First	 the evaluation model establishes a network with four perspectives	 twenty indicators	 and four strategies. Next	 the analytic network process (ANP) is applied to the model to determine the relative weights of the evaluative criteria. Finally	" the application of the multi-criteria decision making model will list the optimal strategies according to their rankings in the model. The results showed that the most important perspective is ""Benefits:"" the most crucial criterion of the 20 criteria is ""economic and financial benefits:"" and the best strategy is ""In-house"" (IH). Thus"	 when a business in the upstream of the SEI applies the model	 the business will reveal that its optimal strategy for recycling and waste disposal shall be In-house treatment at the collection stage.																			
AB A variety of electronic nose technologies are currently commercially available or under evaluation at research institutions. Sensors include conducting polymers	 polymer composites	 acoustic wave	 metal oxide and optical fiber arrays. Reactive	 metalloporphyrin dyes have also been used as colorimetric sensor arrays (CSAs). We hypothesized that a CSA array could be used to distinguish exhaled gas from patients with chronic bacterial sinusitis versus those without. Exhaled gas was selectively sampled from the nasal passages using a nasal CPAP (continuous positive airway pressure) mask and pumped across an array of 36 metalloporphyrin sensor dots printed on a paper sensor cartridge	 which was photographed at 2 min intervals during the sampling period for a total of 12 min. Changes in the red	 green and blue values for each of the senor dots were recorded for each time interval. Eleven patients with sinusitis were compared to nine control patients. A leave-one-out classification test was carried out using binary logistic regression	 which employed the principal component projections of data as features. The classification rate was as high as 90% accurate at 2	 4 and 6 min	 following exposure using 12 principal components. Classification accuracy fell off when more principal components were used and at longer time intervals following exposure. Chronic sinusitis is typically a clinical diagnosis and the etiologic organisms include both Gram-positive and Gram-negative bacteria. Accurate classification at 90% is very encouraging and warrants further investigation.																					
AB Background: The north-western region of China has a high incidence of oesophageal cancer. This study aimed to investigate whether the intake of food and beverage at high temperature is associated with the risk of oesophageal cancer among adults residing in this remote part of China. Materials and Methods: A case-control study was undertaken in Urumqi and Shihezi	 Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region of China	 between 2008 and 2009. Participants were 359 incident oesophageal cancer patients and 380 hospital-based controls. Information on temperature of food and beverage intake was obtained by face-to-face interview. Logistic regression analyses were performed to ascertain the association between intake temperature and the risk of oesophageal cancer. Results: The oesophageal cancer patients consumed foods and beverages at higher temperatures than controls	 p<0.001. High temperature of tea	 water and food intake appeared to increase the risk of oesophageal cancer by more than two-fold	 with adjusted odds ratio (95% confidence intervals) of 2.86 (1.73-4.72)	 2.82 (1.78-4.47) and 2.26 (1.49-3.45)	 respectively. Conclusions: Intake of food and beverage at high temperature was positively associated with the incidence of oesophageal cancer in north-western China.																							
AB Coffee berry disease (CBD) is caused by Colletotrichum kahawae. This pathogen only attacks green berries; it causes cherry rot and premature fruit fall. The disease leads to major harvest losses in the western highland region of Cameroon. The origin of the primary inoculum and the beginning of epidemics are unknown. The interactions between the pathogen and its host were studied at locations where CBD was known to cause severe disease. The disease was monitored weekly in uniform plots of adjacent coffee trees at Santa (1	750 in) in 2003 and 2004 and Bafou (1	820 in) in 2004 and 2005. The logistic model provided good fit of the epidemic's temporal dynamics. The spatial distribution of CBD over time indicated that plants in a plot were contaminated stepwise from the first infected coffee tree. An analysis of semi-variograms and the disease dispersal maps obtained by kriging revealed primary infection foci at both sites. They were observed from the 8th to the 10th week after flowering at Bafou and from the 11 th to the 13th week at Santa. CBD affected the entire plots 3 weeks after the foci first appeared. These results suggest that inoculum from previous epidemics survives at points in the initial foci in a coffee plantation.																												
AB The increasing use of liquid biofuels has been justified by highly volatile and rising oil prices	 geopolitical instability of countries that control most of proven oil reserves	 growing demand for passenger transportation and environmental concerns	 especially climate change. Investments in the sector are increasing steadily	 with oil majors being responsible for rising investments into liquid biofuel joint ventures	 research and development projects and logistics. This paper analyses the underlying motivations of these investments by evaluating corporate diversification and integration strategies. Findings indicate that vertical integration and diversification are an integral part of oil major's strategic behavior toward biofuels	 although strategies differ substantially among companies. In the short term current major oil companies' investments in liquid biofuels are driven by the requirement to comply with binding mandates for biofuels	 whereas in the long-term liquid biofuels	 if produced on a significant scale	 could be classified as non-conventional liquid hydrocarbon reserves for oil majors where access to other (non-)conventional resources is not secured. Finally	 given existing technology lock-ins it seems unlikely whether different paths for producing liquid biofuels will be able to co-exist in the long term	 or there will be only one dominant path possibly controlled by large oil companies. (C) 2012 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.																			
AB Volunteer-based audio surveys are used to document long-term trends in anuran community composition and abundance. Current sampling protocols	 however	 are not region- or species-specific and may not detect relatively rare or audibly cryptic species. We used automated audio recording devices to record calling anurans during 2006-2009 at wetlands in Maine	 USA. We identified species calling	 chorus intensity	 time of day	 and environmental variables when each species was calling and developed logistic and generalized mixed models to determine the time interval and environmental variables that optimize detection of each species during peak calling periods. We detected eight of nine anurans documented in Maine. Individual recordings selected from the sampling period (0.5 h past sunset to 0100 h) described in the North American Amphibian Monitoring Program (NAAMP) detected fewer species than were detected in recordings from 30 min past sunset until sunrise. Time of maximum detection of presence and full chorusing for three species (green frogs	 mink frogs	 pickerel frogs) occurred after the NAAMP sampling end time (0100 h). The NAAMP protocol's sampling period may result in omissions and misclassifications of chorus sizes for certain species. These potential errors should be considered when interpreting trends generated from standardized anuran audio surveys.																						
AB Background. Little is known about the risk factors for cutaneous human papillomavirus (HPV) infection.																														
AB Proanthocyanidins are a group of polymers of flavanols. Animal and in vitro studies suggest they decrease cancer risk	 particularly of colorectal cancer. We used data from an Italian case-control study to investigate whether proanthocyanidins are related to colorectal cancer risk. Cases were 1	953 patients with incident	 histologically confirmed colorectal cancer (1	225 colon cancers	 728 rectal cancers). Controls were 4	154 patients admitted for acute	 non-neoplastic conditions. A reproducible and valid food frequency questionnaire was used. We estimated odds ratios (ORs) through multiple logistic regression models	 including terms for potential confounding factors	 and energy intake. A trend of decreasing risk with increasing intake of proanthocyanidins emerged for all classes except monomers. The OR for the highest vs. the lowest quintile of intake was 0.82 for monomers and dimers combined	 0.88 for monomers	 0.75 for dimers	 0.74 for all polymers with three or more mers	 0.84 for trimers	 0.80 for 4-6 mers	 0.79 for 7-10 mers	 0.69 for more than 10 mers	 and 0.74 for total proanthocyanidins. The associations were apparently stronger for rectal than for colon cancer	 in the absence of significant heterogeneity. These results may explain the protective effect of vegetables and fruit on colorectal cancer.												
AB INTRODUCTION: Visually impaired patients may experience visual hallucinations due to the Charles Bonnet syndrome (CBS). While benign in nature	 these hallucinations may cause distress in those unfamiliar with the phenomenon. The overall purpose of this study was to determine the degree of awareness of CBS in patients referred to our retina clinic.																													
AB This article addresses the growing industry of retail socially responsible investment (SRI) profiled mutual funds. Very few previous studies have examined the final consumer of SRI profiled mutual funds. Therefore	 the purpose of this study was to	 in an exploratory manner	 examine the impact of a number of pro-social	 financial performance	 and socio-demographic variables on SRI behavior in order to explain why investors choose to invest different proportions of their investment portfolio in SRI profiled funds. An ordinal logistic regression analysis on 528 private investors revealed that two of the three pro-social variables had a positive impact on how much the consumer invested in SRI profiled funds. Moreover	" there was proof of a non-altruistic motive for investing in SRI as consumers who perceive that financial return of SRI is equal or better than ""regular"" mutual funds"	 invested a greater proportion of their portfolio in SRI profiled mutual funds. Furthermore	 the results showed that women and better-educated investors were more likely to invest a greater proportion of their investment portfolio in SRI. Overall	 the findings indicate that both financial perceptions and pro-social attitudes are connected to consumer investment in SRI.																					
AB This paper describes a simple modelling framework to predict water quality and algal biomass in large	 complex lakes with insufficient and often multifarious data and challenging logistics. We applied a linked model design to Lake of the Woods (LOW) as a case study	 using output from hydrodynamic	 mass balance and empirical models to predict spatial differences in nutrients (total phosphorus (TP))	 and algal and cyanobacterial standing stock (chlorophyll-a (chla)	 biovolume-derived biomass and cyanobacterial dominance). Our models reproduced observed temporal and spatial distribution of TP and chla well. The central and south segments behaved like shallow lakes with strong variability in TP and phytoplankton biomass	 whereas two relatively isolated and deeper segments in the north were characterized with less variability in TP and lower phytoplankton biomass. Algal biomass and cyanobacterial dominance were best predicted in the more eutrophic southern sectors; however the fit was strongly dependent on the source of biomass data. The results reinforce the need to apply a multi segmental model to these systems which cannot be effectively modelled using a single box approach because of spatial differences in hydrodynamics and topography. Crown Copyright (C) 2013 Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.																								
AB Background: Four cohort studies have examined the relation between flavonoids and pancreatic cancer risk providing inconsistent results.																														
AB Background: Serum hyaluronate can be used as an index of hepatic sinusoidal endothelial cell function and hepatic fibrosis. This study was designed to clarify the clinical significance of the serum hyaluronate level as a parameter of functional reserve.																														
AB Tea and coffee contain bioactive compounds and both beverages have recently been associated with a reduced risk of prostate cancer (PCa).																														
AB Objective The risk factors most strongly associated with gastric cancer are the gastric bacteria Helicobacter pylori and diet. Utilizing data from a case-control study among residents in Hawaii	 we examined the association of diet	 presence of H. pylori	 and non-cardia gastric cancer risk.																											
AB The possibility of using the Systeme Probatoire de l'Observation de la Terre (SPOT)-VEGETATION (VGT) data for global burned area mapping with a single algorithm was investigated. Using VGT images from south-eastern Africa	 the Iberian Peninsula and south-eastern Siberia/north-eastern China	 we analysed the variability of the spectral signature of burned areas and its relationship with land cover	 and performed the selection of the best variables for burned area mapping. The results show that in grasslands and croplands	 near-infrared (NIR) and short-wave infrared (SWIR) reflectance always decreases as a result of fire. In forests and woodlands	 there may occur a simultaneous decrease of SWIR and NIR or an increase of SWIR and a decrease of NIR. Burning of green vegetation (high values of the Normalized Difference Vegetation Index (NDVI)) tends to result in an increase of the SWIR. The best variables for burned area mapping are different in each region. Only the NIR allows a good discrimination of burned areas in all study areas. We derived a logistic regression model for multi-temporal burned area mapping in tropical	 temperate and boreal regions	 which handles the spectral variability of burned areas dependent on the type of vegetation. The results underline the feasibility of a single model for global burned area mapping.																							
AB Pedestrian safety is a major concern at signalized intersections because of an increased likelihood of pedestrian-vehicle conflicts. The objective of this study was to examine the factors possibly influencing the likelihood that a pedestrian would cross against the signal at an intersection. In Seattle	 Washington	 800 pedestrians were observed at six intersections. Examined factors included gender	 weather	 the number of times the call button was pushed	 the impact of other pedestrians at the crosswalk	 and whether pedestrians returned to push the button. The model was also adjusted for differences in each intersection attributable to volume-to-capacity ratio	 cycle lengths	" and location. The findings from a logistic regression model showed that females were more likely to wait for a ""Walk"" signal than were males and that people were more likely to wait for a ""Walk"" signal when other pedestrians were at the intersection. Pedestrians were more likely to wait for the light to indicate the ""Walk"" signal if they pushed the button. This study suggests that the type of pedestrian call buttons placed at intersections may need to be tailored to the location and to the willingness of individuals to trust that the push button will activate a green pedestrian signal. Therefore"	 feedback on whether the push button is activated could be quite useful and should be further explored.																					
AB Maturity index (MI) is a key determinant of pea softness and ultimately retail value. Pea seed development goes through the optimal market stage for human consumption about a week before harvest. MI increases rapidly during the last 3-4 days prior to the optimal harvest which is when there is a need for better forecasting capability. Extensive field sampling is currently used to track MI in each of the individual paddocks	 though it has limited ability to predict MI more than a day ahead. We developed an Artificial Neural Network (ANN) model that complements field sampling by forecasting the MI trend several days ahead. It was built using historical harvest information along with weather and climate forecasts. We implement and evaluate the ANN in a large pea growing region in Tasmania	 Australia	 and this paper highlights key results. The ANN produced an average error of 31.8 MI units when forecasting MI at harvest with a 7-day lead time versus the current manual method which produced an average error of 36.6 MI units for a lead time of 2 days. This means the model provides the ability to not only harvest peas closer to their ideal MI but also plan harvesting and transport logistics with a much greater lead time. (C) 2009 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.																											
AB In this study	 the microbiological quality of roof-harvested rainwater was assessed by monitoring the concentrations of Escherichia coli	 enterococci	 Clostridium perfringens	 and Bacteroides spp. in rainwater obtained from tanks in Southeast Queensland	 Australia. Samples were also tested using real-time PCR (with SYBR Green I dye) for the presence of potential pathogenic microorganisms. Of the 27 rainwater samples tested	 17 (63%)	 21 (78%)	 13 (48%)	 and 24 (89%) were positive for E. coli	 enterococci	 C. perfringens	 and Bacteroides spp.	 respectively. Of the 27 samples	 11 (41%)	 7 (26%)	 4 (15%)	 3 (11%)	 and 1 (4%) were PCR positive for the Campylobacter coli ceuE gene	 the Legionella pneumophila mip gene	 the Aeromonas hydrophila lip gene	 the Salmonella invA gene	 and the Campylobacter jejuni mapA gene. Of the 21 samples tested	 4 (19%) were positive for the Giardia lamblia beta-giardin gene. The binary logistic regression model indicated a positive correlation (P < 0.02) between the presence/absence of enterococci and A. hydrophila. In contrast	 the presence/absence of the remaining potential pathogens did not correlate with traditional fecal indicators. The poor correlation between fecal indicators and potential pathogens suggested that fecal indicators may not be adequate to assess the microbiological quality of rainwater and consequent health risk.						
AB Forest residue has been proposed as a feasible candidate for cellulosic biofuels. However	 the number of studies assessing its water use remains limited. This work aims to analyze the impacts of forest-based biofuel on water resources and quality by using a water footprint approach. A method established here is tailored to the production system	 which includes softwood	 hardwood	 and short-rotation woody crops. The method is then applied to selected areas in the southeastern region of the United States to quantify the county-level water footprint of the biofuel produced via a mixed alcohol gasification process	 under several logistic systems	 and at various refinery scales. The results indicate that the blue water sourced from surface or groundwater is minimal	 at 2.4 liters per liter of biofuel (l/l). The regional-average green water (rainfall) footprint falls between 400 and 443 l/l. The biofuel pathway appears to have a low nitrogen grey water footprint averaging 25 l/l at the regional level	 indicating minimal impacts on water quality. Feedstock mix plays a key role in determining the magnitude and the spatial distribution of the water footprint in these regions. Compared with other potential feedstock	 forest wood residue shows promise with its low blue and grey water footprint.																					
AB Studies linking environmental sustainability to firm performance have been increasing as more companies are contemplating the implementation of sustainable practices internally and in coordination with other firms along their supply chains. However	 findings from these studies have found positive and negative associations	 leaving practitioners perplexed as to what actions would be beneficial to pursue. With hypotheses grounded in the natural resourcebased view of the firm	 the current study examines over 20years of research on environmental supply chain practices using a meta-analysis to determine whether the overall effect of these specific practices on firm performance is	 in fact	 positive. The results show that the link between environmental supply chain practices and market-based	 operational-based and accounting-based forms of firm performance is positive and significant	 providing support for the business case that sustainable supply chain management results in increased firm performance. Different operationalizations of supply chain practices upstream	 design	 production and downstream along with industry	 sample region	 firm size and time are examined as moderators of this relationship with nuanced results that help to extend the discipline's understanding of the relationship between environmentally sustainable supply chain management and firm performance.																			
AB In-vessel composting of an aged coal-tar contaminated soil from a manufactured gas plant site was investigated over 98 days using laboratory-scale in-vessel composting reactors. The composting reactors were operated at 18 different operational conditions using a logistic three-factor factorial design with three temperatures (T = 38	 55 and 70 degrees C)	 four soil to green waste ratios (S:GW; 0.6: 1	 0.7:1	 0.8:1 and 0.9:1 on a dry weight basis) and three moisture contents (MC; 40%	 60% and 80%). Excitation-emission matrix (EEM) fluorescence spectroscopy was used to investigate organic matter dynamics in the composting mixture. The results of this investigation indicated that formation of humic substances can be monitored by fluorescence excitation-emission matrix	 and provided evidence of progressive mineralization or humification of the composting mixture. Peak excitation wavelength shifts and peak fluorescence intensity can both be used as indicators to monitor the humification or maturation of compost. Finally	 the fluorescence index can be applied to investigate the origin of humic substances and fulvic acids	 and the hurnification or maturation of compost. (c) 2005 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.																						
AB Objective Studies on fruit	 vegetable	 fiber	 and grain consumption and pancreatic cancer risk are inconclusive. We used a clinic-based case-control study specifically designed to address limitations of both cohort and case-control studies to examine the relationship.																											
AB Prediction of phenotypes from genetic data is considered to be the first practical application of data gained from association studies	 with potential importance for medicine and the forensic sciences. Multiple genes and polymorphisms have been found to be associated with variation in human pigmentation. Their analysis enables prediction of blue and brown eye colour with a reasonably high accuracy. More accurate prediction	 especially in the case of intermediate eye colours	 may require better understanding of gene-gene interactions affecting this polygenic trait. Using multifactor dimensionality reduction and logistic regression methods	 a study of gene-gene interactions was conducted based on variation in 11 known pigmentation genes examined in a cohort of 718 individuals of European descent. The study revealed significant interactions of a redundant character between the HERC2 and OCA2 genes affecting determination of hazel eye colour and between HERC2 and SLC24A4 affecting determination of blue eye colour. Our research indicates interactive effects of a synergistic character between HERC2 and OCA2	 and also provides evidence for a novel strong synergistic interaction between HERC2 and TYRP1	 both affecting determination of green eye colour. Journal of Human Genetics (2011) 56	 447-455; doi:10.1038/jhg.2011.38; published online 7 April 2011																							
AB Objective. To quantify the volume and intensity of children's physical activity after school in greenspace and elsewhere.																														
AB During the unprotected left-turn green phase at intersections on divided highways	 if the median of the major road is relatively wide	 the simultaneously turning vehicles in the opposing left-turn lanes often block drivers' views for each other so as to influence the unprotected left-turn or U-turn gap acceptance behaviors. To identify the changes of those driving behaviors clearly associated with drivers' restricted sight distances	 a field data collection in this study was conducted at a signalized intersection with the potential sight distance problem. Both linear regression and logistic regression models were developed to estimate parameters of gap acceptances. The results showed that sight obstruction due to the opposite turning vehicles may contribute to significant increments of the critical gap and follow-up time. This could result in an extra traffic delay and a capacity reduction in the left-turn lane. Moreover	 it was found that left-turn or U-turn drivers with the sight distance problem were more likely to accept smaller gaps so as to cause more traffic conflicts between turning traffic and opposing-through traffic. The analyses in this paper provide a better understanding of the relationship between highway visibility and traffic safety and operation. (C) 2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.																										
AB This cross-sectional study addressed the relationship between coffee consumption and periodontitis in patients during the maintenance phase of periodontal treatment. A total of 414 periodontitis patients in the maintenance phase of periodontal treatment completed a questionnaire including items related to coffee intake and underwent periodontal examination. Logistic regression analysis showed that presence of moderate/severe periodontitis was correlated with presence of hypertension (Odds Ratio (OR) = 1.99	 p < 0.05)	 smoking (former	 OR = 5.63	 p < 0.01; current	 OR = 6.81	 p = 0.076)	 number of teeth present (OR = 0.89	 p < 0.001)	 plaque control record >= 20% (OR = 1.88	 p < 0.05)	 and duration of maintenance phase (OR = 1.07	 p < 0.01). On the other hand	 presence of severe periodontitis was correlated with smoking (former	 OR = 1.35	 p = 0.501; current	 OR = 3.98	 p < 0.05)	 coffee consumption (>= 1 cup/day	 OR = 0.55	 p < 0.05)	 number of teeth present (OR = 0.95	 p < 0.05)	 and bleeding on probing >= 20% (OR = 3.67	 p < 0.001). There appears to be an inverse association between coffee consumption (>= 1 cup/day) and prevalence of severe periodontitis in the maintenance phase of periodontal treatment.						
AB We analyze effects of reaching the maximum sustainable yield (MSY) in a system of n cooperating logistic populations under proportional harvesting strategy. In case a selective harvesting effort adjusted to each species is implemented	 the optimum effort is smaller than half the biotic potential of each species. This results in the total maximum sustainable yield (TMSY1) which does not affect the persistence of the system. In case the system is harvested with a common harvesting effort which is approximately the same for all cooperating species	 like in a trawler fishing	 the optimum harvesting effort leads to the TMSY2	 where TMSY1 >= TMSY2. In addition	 species with lower biotic potential and carrying capacity may be driven to extinction	 especially if these species weakly cooperate with the rest of the system. Hence	 a call for implementation of TMSY2 may be equivalent to a call for extermination of some species	 and it runs against the Convention on Biological Diversity (CBD	 1992). Since the documents advocating MSY	 starting with the Johannesburg Implementation plan (IP	 2002) and including the EU Green Paper (EU	 2009)	 use TMSY2	 the call for MSY must be urgently retracted and replaced with a call for adaptive management that respects CBD. (C) 2012 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.																
AB External built residential environment characteristics include aspects of building design such as types of walls	 doors and windows	 green spaces	 density of houses per unit area	 and waste disposal facilities. Neighborhoods that are characterized by poor quality external built environment can contribute to psychosocial stress and increase the likelihood of mental health disorders. This study investigated the relationship between characteristics of external built residential environment and mental health disorders in selected residences of Nakuru Municipality	 Kenya. External built residential environment characteristics were investigated for 544 residents living in different residential areas that were categorized by their socioeconomic status. Medically validated interview schedules were used to determine mental health of residents in the respective neighborhoods. The relationship between characteristics of the external built residential environment and mental health of residents was determined by multivariable logistic regression analyses and chi-square tests. The results show that walling materials used on buildings	 density of dwelling units	 state of street lighting	 types of doors	 states of roofs	 and states of windows are some built external residential environment characteristics that affect mental health of adult males and females. Urban residential areas that are characterized by poor quality external built environment substantially expose the population to daily stressors and inconveniences that increase the likelihood of developing mental health disorders.																				
AB Improved germplasm of various cereals (maize	 sorghum	 millet	 etc.) have been introduced to farmers in the savannas of northern Nigeria. Farmers' adoption rate for improved maize (49%) was the highest. The technological reasons for the high adoption rate for improved maize have been documented. However	 only very little is known about the socioeconomic factors. This paper investigates these using the logit model on data collected from household surveys. Significant parameters with the expected signs were household size	 farmers' crop diversification level	 membership of farmers' associations	 household income and nearness to market. This shows that household's labor availability	 risk management capability	 access to information	 economic capability and market access are important socioeconomic factors that explain fanner adoption of improved maize. The study was concluded with the policy recommendations for promoting the adoption of improved maize among farmers	 including the need for maize varieties that combine high yield with labor-efficiency	 national and international research systems and other agencies involved in agricultural development in the study area and similar environments to increase research on plant health management and small farmers' crop diversification strategies in order to reduce risk that small fanners face	 and improvement in farmers' access to market through improvement of market infrastructure to reduce transaction costs.																	
AB To assess dietary isoflavone intake between population and hospital outpatient controls and examine if cancer risks estimated for isoflavone using hospital outpatient controls would be different from those using population controls. Three parallel case-control studies on leukemia	 breast	 and colorectal cancers in China in 20092010 were conducted	 using population and hospital outpatient controls to separately match 560 incident cases at a 1:1 ratio. A validated food frequency questionnaire was administered by face-to-face interview. Conditional logistic regression analysis was used to estimate odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs). The 2 control groups had closely similar distributions of dietary isoflavone intake. Risk estimates for breast cancers were adjusted ORs (95% CI) of 0.39 (0.230.66) and 0.31 (0.180.55) for daidzein	 0.35 (0.200.61) and 0.28 (0.160.52) for genistein	 0.66 (0.411.08) and 0.53 (0.320.88) for glycitein	 and 0.53 (0.330.85) and 0.43 (0.260.71) for total isoflavone using hospital outpatient and population controls respectively. The study found that hospital outpatient controls were comparable to population controls in measured dietary intake of isoflavone in the Chinese hospital setting.																								
AB Alfalfa (Medicago Sativa L.) pasture crop rotations (PCR) have been promoted in the semiarid region of northern China for many years	 with seemingly limited success. Using a logistic regression model	 this paper evaluated the determinants of adoption of PCR among smallholder farmers in rain-fed farming systems	 based on a survey of 238 farmers in the hilly area of the Loess Plateau in 2004 and 2005. Results indicated that farmers' socio-economic background	 farm-related conditions	 and institutional factors significantly affect their decision of whether or not to adopt PCR. First	 the age of farmers	 the size of their family	 the number of ruminants owned	 and farmers' attitude toward PCR have significant positive effects on the adoption of PCR	 where the level of the family income is low. Second	 the slope of the field and fallow practice variables also play a critical role in the adoption of PCR	 suggesting the importance of targeting the promotion of PCR among farmers in areas affected by soil erosion. The analysis also showed that farmers' perception of the problem of soil erosion is positively correlated with adoption of PCR	 having the most significant impact with the highest estimated elasticity. The likelihood a farmer who perceived soil erosion as a problem would adopt PCR was 225 greater than that of a farmer who did not have such perceptions. Third	 the institutional variables	 which are represented by contacts with extension workshops	 a participatory approach	 the credit and training facilities obtained	 and participation in the Grain-for-Green project (PGFG)	 all had significant positive effects on the adoption of PCR. On the other hand	 participation in the rain water-harvesting project and in the supplementary irrigation project did not show any correlation with the adoption of PCR by farmers. Variables such as education level	 the size of farms	 farm tenure	 off-farm employment	 and distance between the farm and the farmers' residence did not significantly influence the adoption of PCR. This information will help prioritize factors that affect decision-making in the adoption of PCR and will provide insights into ways of increasing the adoption of PCR by farmers.						
AB Phenacoccus solenopsis Tinsley	 a native of North America	 is a widespread exotic mealybug infesting cotton	 Gossypium spp. in several countries. Monitoring of this pest is generally undertaken through regular field surveys	 which is labour intensive	 time consuming and error prone. Alternately	 radiometry is a reliable technique for rapid and non-destructive assessment of plant health. Thus	 a study was conducted to characterize reflectance spectra of cotton plants with known mealybug infestation levels (grade-0 is healthy and grade-4 is severe)	 and seek to identify specific narrow wavelengths sensitive to mealybug damage. Reflectance measurements were made in the spectral range of 350-2500 nm using a hyperspectral radiometer. Significant differences were found in green	 near infrared and short wave infrared spectral regions for plants with early stages of P. solenopsis infestation	 and for plants showing higher grades of infestation these differences extended to all the regions except blue. A significant reduction in total chlorophyll (12.83-35.83%) and relative water content (1.93-23.49%) was observed in the infested plants. Reflectance sensitivity analysis of the hyperspectral data revealed wavelengths centered at 492	550	674	 768 and 1454 nm as most sensitive to mealybug damage. Mealybug Stress Indices (MSIs) were developed using two or three wavelengths	 tested using multinomial logistic regression (MLR) analysis and compared with other indices published earlier. Results showed that the MSIs were superior (R-2 = 0.82) to all other spectral vegetation indices tested. Further	 the proposed MLR models corresponding to each MSIs were validated using two independent field data sets. The overall percent correct classification of cotton plants into different mealybug damage severity grades was in the range of 38.3 and 54.9. High classification accuracy for grade-1 (81.8%) showed that models are capable of early detection of mealybug damage. Results of this study could suggest potential usage of remote sensing in monitoring spatial and temporal distribution of the solenopsis mealybug	 and thereby enable effective planning and implementation of. site-specific pest management practices. (c) 2013 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.														
AB A total of 18 chlamydial isolates from various psittacine birds	 one isolate from a domestic pigeon and one isolate from a Pekin duck were isolated in continuous Buffalo Green Monkey (BGM) kidney cell cultures. All 20 isolates were identified by nested multiplex polymerase chain reaction as Chlamydophila psittaci. These isolates were multiplied to high titres and subsequently tested for in vitro sensitivity against two tetracyclines (chlortetracycline and doxycycline) and two quinolones (enrofloxacin and difloxacin) at concentrations of 0.0	0.25	0.5	1	 and 10.00 mu g/ml. Replication of chlamydia in BGM cell cultures is assayed on the basis of formation of intracytoplasmic inclusions that are visualized by Gimenez staining. All isolates	 although to variable degrees	 are sensitive to all four drugs. The number of chlamyclial inclusions decreases gradually over a broad range of increasing concentrations of the drugs. The variation in the number of inclusions between isolates is remarkably high for chlortetracycline less for doxycycline and minimal for both fluoroquinolones	 the enrofloxacin and difloxacin. The decline in numbers of inclusions is highly dose-dependend and the observed reduction stretches over a wide range of drug dilutions. Therefore	 it is proposed to calculate drug sensitivity values in terms of inhibitory concentration 50%	 (IC50). Its calculation includes all tested drug dilutions instead of the hitherto more common minimal inhibitory concentration	 MIC	 which is based on results of serial dilution tests for cell-free growing bacteria.																		
AB Background: Metabolic syndrome has become a major worldwide public health problem. We examined the relationship between coffee consumption and the prevalence of metabolic syndrome among Japanese civil servants.																														
AB 'Replay' and 'JS501' perennial ryegrass cultivars have been conventionally bred for reduced sensitivity to glyphosate	 potentially allowing the herbicide to be used for selective weed control in overseeded bermudagrass. Field experiments were conducted to evaluate optimal glyphosate application rate	 regime (single and sequential applications)	 and timing for annual bluegrass control in bermudagrass overseeded with these cultivars. Additionally	 greenhouse experiments were conducted to compare the sensitivity to glyphosate of Replay and JS501 to susceptible cultivars 'Caddy Shack' and 'Top Gun II' through log-logistic rate-response analysis. In field experiments	 only two treatments resulted in > 90% annual bluegrass control and < 25% perennial ryegrass injury. These two treatments were a single application of 280 g ae ha(-1) glyphosate in January and 140 g ha(-1) followed by an additional 140 g ha(-1) applied in January. Perennial ryegrass cultivars were compared using 50% inhibition (I-50) values	 i.e. 50% visible estimates of injury or 50% reduction in clipping weight. I-50 values obtained 6 wk after treatment from injury data were 2.56	2.64	0.81	 and 0.84 g ha(-1) glyphosate for Replay	 JS501	 Caddy Shack	 and Top Gun II	 respectively. Replay and JS501 were similar in sensitivity to glyphosate and were up to four times more tolerant than Caddy Shack and Top Gun II across rating dates and data types.																	
AB The steroid hormone-regulated gene KLK4 (kallikrein 4) is a new member of the human kallikrein-related peptidase gene family. Up to date	 studies report that KLK4 is differentially expressed in many tumours. The purpose of this study was the expression analysis and study of KLK4 in benign and malignant breast tumours. Total RNA was isolated from 16 benign and 45 malignant breast tissue specimens. After testing RNA quality	 cDNA was prepared by reverse transcription. Highly sensitive quantitative real-time PCR method for KLK4 mRNA quantification was developed using the SYBR Green chemistry. GAPDH served as a housekeeping gene. Relative quantification analysis was performed using the comparative C-T method 2(T.)(-Delta Delta C) KLK4 expression was found to vary in both patients' cohorts; however	 a statistically significant elevation of the KLK4 mRNA levels was observed in malignant compared to benign tumour patients. Low KLK4 expression levels were found in well-differentiated tumours (p=0.011) as well as in stage 1 (p=0.024) patients. Moreover	 a statistically significant (r(s)=-0.318	 p=0.035) negative correlation between the KLK4 expression and progesterone receptor staining was observed. ROC and logistic regression analysis recommended that KLK4 gene expression may be used as a new potential biomarker in breast cancer.																									
AB The microbial community structure changes of an aged-coal-tar soil contaminated with polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs) were investigated during simulated bioremediation at the laboratory-scale using an in-vessel composting approach. The composting reactors were operated using a logistic three-factor factorial design with three temperatures (T = 38	 55 or 70 degrees C)	 four soil to green-waste amendment ratios (S:GW = 0.6:1	 0.7:1	 0.8:1 or 0.9:1 on a dry weight basis) and three moisture contents (MC = 40%	 60% or 80%). Relative changes in microbial populations were investigated by following the dynamics of phospholipid fatty acid (PLFA) signatures using a C-13-labeled palmitic acid internal standard and sensitive GC/MS analysis during in-vessel composting over 98 days. The results of this investigation indicated that fungal to bacterial PLFA ratios were significantly influenced by temperature (p<0.05)	 and Gram-positive to Gram-negative bacterial ratios were significantly influenced by temperature (p<0.001) and S:GW ratio (p<0.01) during in-vessel composting. Additionally	 the Gram-positive to Gram-negative bacterial ratios were correlated to the extent of PAH losses)<0.005) at 70 degrees C. (C) 2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.																							
AB The effect of vegetable and fruit consumption on breast cancer risk is controversial. We examined the association between vegetable and fruit intake and breast cancer risk in a hospital-based case-control study conducted in Guangdong	 China. Four hundred and thirty-eight cases were frequency matched to 438 controls by age (5-year interval) and residence (rural/urban). Dietary intake was assessed by face-to-face interviews using a validated food frequency questionnaire. Multivariate logistic regression was used to estimate the odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence interval (CI) after adjusting for various potential confounders. Total vegetable and fruit intake was found to be inversely associated with breast cancer risk. The ORs of the highest quartile relative to the lowest quartile of total vegetable and fruit intake were 0.28 (95% CI 0.18-0.43) and 0.53 (95% CI 0.34-0.82)	 respectively. Consumption of individual vegetable and fruit groups such as dark green leafy vegetables	 cruciferous vegetables	 carrots and tomatoes	 banana	 watermelon/papaya/cantaloupe were all inversely and significantly related with breast cancer risk. An inverse association was also observed for vitamin A	 carotene	 vitamin C	 vitamin E	 and fiber intake. These data indicate that greater intake of vegetables and fruits is associated with a decreased risk of breast cancer among Chinese women residing in Guangdong. (C) 2009 UICC																				
AB We carried out a case-control study to examine the relationship between fruits	 vegetables	 and soy foods intake with breast cancer risk in Korean women. Incident cases (n = 359) were identified through	 cancer biopsies and hospital-based controls (n = 708) were selected in the same hospitals. Subjects were asked to indicate usual dietary habits	 which were assessed using a semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire (98 items). Odds ratio (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (95%CI) were calculated by unconditional logistic regression after adjustment for additional confounding factors according to the menopausal status. High grape intake showed an inverse association of breast cancer in postmenopausal women (OR = 0.59	 95% CI = 0.35-0.95; p for trend = 0.05). High tomato intake was associated with reduced breast cancer risk in premenopausal women (OR = 0.59	 95% CI = 0.38-0.89	 p for trend = 0.04). In postmenopausal women	 green pepper intake showed an inverse association of breast cancer risk (OR = 0.60	 95% CI = 0.43-0.96	 p for trend = 0.03). High soybean intake showed an inverse association of breast cancer in postmenopausal women (OR = 0.61	 95% CI = 0.34-0.89	 p for trend = 0.02). Our study suggests that high intake of some fruits	 vegetables	 and soybeans may be associated with a reduced breast cancer risk.																
AB The Hermann's tortoise (Testudo hermanni) is increasingly threatened in Western Europe and in Italy because of habitat loss	 pollution	 and illegal removal of free-ranging individuals for the pet trade. Hence	 the conservation and appropriate management of the various populations is mandatory	 and the few remnant	 isolated populations inhabiting urban parks and heavily altered landscapes may be particularly important. An urban population of Hermann's tortoises was studied by capture-mark-recapture procedures in an 'urban green area' in Rome ('Insugherata' Natural Reserve)	 between March 2001 and October 2005. A spatial modelling approach (logistic regression	 with forward stepwise addition model) was developed to investigate which proximate landscape factors influenced the presence/absence of the tortoises. Eight different variables were considered for this model. We found that a single variable (SHRUBS	 i.e. Mediterranean dry macchia-like vegetation) was positively correlated to the presence of tortoises	 and one to their absence (ECOTONE	 i.e. ecotone area constituted by different types of shrubs growing on a relatively wet substratum). The tortoise activity deviated significantly from the null hypothesis of an equal activity throughout the year	 with the higher peaks of activity in May	 June	 and August	 and reduced activity in March and April. The conservation implications of our study were also discussed.																
AB Light-emitting diodes (LEDs) with various light wavelengths (red	 yellow	 green	 blue and white) and various levels of light intensity (750	 1500 and 3000 mu mol m(-2) s(-1)) are applied to study the effects of light sources on chlorophyll a (Chl) and phycocyanin (Phy) production of Spirulina platensis. Logistic rate equations are used to depict the kinetic behavior of algal growth and pigments formation under various light sources and intensities. According to the regression results	 a red LED is the best for algae growth. On the other hand	 yellow light gives the best specific Chl production rate with a light intensity of 750 or 1500 mu mol m(-2) s(-1)	 and blue light yields the best specific pigments (for Chl and Phy) production rates at 3000 mu mol m(-2) s(-1). From the model fitting results	 it is found that	 at a higher light intensity	 a higher specific Chl production rate accompanied by a higher S. platensis biomass is obtained. However	 as for Phy production	 a higher biomass results in a lower specific Phy production rate. The only exception is the use of blue light	 which shows a positive effect on both Chl and Phy production rates under a higher light intensity. (C) 2010 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.																	
AB Resting spore formation of some aphid-pathogenic Entomophthorales is important for the seasonal pattern of their prevalence and survival but this process is poorly understood. To explore the possible mechanism involved in the process	 Pandora nouryi (obligate aphid pathogen) interacted with green peach aphid Myzus persicae on cabbage leaves under favourable conditions. Host nymphs showered with primary conidia of an isolate (LC(50): 0.9-6.7 conidia mm(-2) 4-7 days post shower) from air captures in the low-latitude plateau of China produced resting spores (azygospores)	 primary conidia or both spore types. Surprisingly	 the proportion of mycosed cadavers forming resting spores (P(CFRS)) increased sharply within the concentrations (C) of 28-240 conidia mm(-2)	 retained high levels at 240-1760	 but was zero or extremely low at 0.3-16. The P(CFRS)-C relationship fit well the logistic equation P(CFRS) = 0.6774/[1 + exp(3.1229-0.0270C)] (r(2) = 0.975). This clarified for the first time the dependence of in vivo resting spore formation of P. nouryi upon the concentration of infective inoculum. A hypothesis is thus proposed that some sort of biochemical signals may exist in the host-pathogen interaction so that the fungal pathogen perceives the signals for prompt response to forthcoming host-density changes by either producing conidia for infecting available hosts or forming resting spores for surviving host absence in situ.																									
AB In a comparative study we investigated woodpecker abundance in forest landscapes with different proportion of native pine forest and spruce plantations in western Norway. In 100 circular study plots of 100 ha each we recorded 38 white- backed - Dendrocopos leucotos	 22 grey- headed - Picus canus	 13 great spotted - Dendrocopos major	 6 green - Picus viridis	 and 2 lesser spotted - Dendrocopos minor woodpeckers in the breeding season. The mean number of recorded woodpecker species peaked at 20 - 40% spruce plantations. The two most common species in the study	 the white- backed and the grey- headed woodpeckers are both Red-listed species in Norway and among the rarest woodpeckers in Europe. The white- backed woodpecker preferred plots with higher than average proportions of standing dead trees and deciduous trees	 and low proportions of spruce plantations in the plots. The grey-headed woodpecker preferred plots in the western ( coastal) parts of the study area with presence of large aspen Populus tremula trees. Logistic regression models did not reveal any clear threshold values with respect to proportion of spruce plantations in plots	 although both woodpecker species were extremely rare in plots with > 60% spruce plantations. We recommend spruce plantations to be kept at moderate levels to ensure viable populations of woodpeckers in western Norway.																							
AB Whitespot syndrome virus	 WSSV	 is the most important among the shrimp diseases. One of the suggested WSSV risk factors is the occurrence of stress since stressors could compromise the shrimp defence system thus increasing the risk of WSSV infection. Stressors are usually related to the physico-chemical properties of both water and pond bottom. This paper investigates the effect of some biotic and abiotic components of the pond ecosystem on WSSV infection and outbreak. Water physico-chemical properties and microflora of 91 production cycles of 8 semi-intensive shrimp farms were analyzed to determine WSSV risk factors	 using factor analysis and logistic regression. Fluctuations of temperature and pH are important risk factors that will result to an infection but not necessarily to an outbreak. Exposure to high salinity and high temperature are important factors for an infection to result to an outbreak. The risk of an infection is reduced when the water temperature is high	 salinity fluctuations are small	 and percentage of yellow Vibrio colonies is greater than the green ones. Further studies are needed to clarify the effects of water depth	 water transparency	 and various bacterial counts: these factors could be individual or interactive. (C) 2010 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.																							
AB Background: The aim of this study was to investigate how perceived neighbourhood safety and area deprivation influenced the relationship between parklands and mental health.																														
AB In the context of recent social and economic transitions in China	 lack of physical activity among adolescents is an emerging health risk	 particularly so in rapidly expanding urban areas. Evidence from Western countries suggests that built environment attributes can influence the physical activity participation of young people	 but whether or not this is the case for China is unknown. We recruited high school students from ten urban districts in Nanjing	 Mainland China (n = 2	375; mean age = 13.9 +/- 1.0 years old; 46% boys; survey response rate = 89%). The outcome variable was self-reported recreational physical activity time; the primary explanatory variable was the residential density of the urban districts. Analysis was conducted using mixed-effects logistic regression models. After adjustment for potential confounding variables	 including sedentary behavior and green space	 there was a consistent and graduated association between residential density and physical activity; residential density was significantly negatively associated with recreational physical activity time for students from the higher tertile of residential density (OR; 95% CI = 0.64; 0.42 to 0.97) compared to those from the lower tertile. The direction and magnitude of the negative association between residential density and physical activity was similar for boys and girls. It should be a public health priority to identify the particular urban environment attributes that can encourage and support young people's participation in physical activity.																							
AB The association of breast cancer with dietary patterns such as a western diet has not been studied in Asian women. We examined this among Shanghai Breast Cancer Study participants. Cases were of ages 25 to 64 years	 diagnosed 08/1996-03/ 1998	 and identified through a rapid case ascertainment system supplemented by the Shanghai Cancer Registry. Controls	 selected from the general population of urban Shanghai	 were frequency matched to cases by 5-year age group. Participants provided information on diet	 lifestyle	 and reproductive factors. In principal component analysis among 1	556 controls	" two patterns emerged: a ""vegetable-soy"" pattern (tofu"	 cauliflower	 beans	 bean sprouts	" green leafy vegetables) and a ""meat-sweet"" pattern (shrimp"	 chicken	 beef	 pork	 candy	 desserts). In adjusted unconditional logistic regression analyses including 1	446 cases and 1	549 controls with complete covariate data	 risk was not associated with the vegetable-soy pattern. It was associated with the meat-sweet pattern (4th versus 1st quartile: odds ratio	 1.3; 95% confidence interval	 1.0-1.7; P-trend = 0.03)	 but only in postmenopausal women	 specifically among those with estrogen receptor-positive tumors (4th versus Ist quartile: odds ratio	 1.9; 95% confidence interval	 1.1-3.3; P-trend = 0.03). Our findings indicate that a western diet increases breast cancer risk in postmenopausal Chinese women. They also suggest the value of quantifying aggregate risk for common combinations of foods.				
AB Background: The primary aim of this study was to assess drug treatment adherence in patients with bipolar disorder and to identify factors associated with adherence. The secondary aim was to analyze the impact of suboptimal adherence on clinical and functional outcomes.																														
AB Background: Gastroschisis	 a birth defect characterized by herniated fetal abdominal wall	 occurs more commonly in infants born to teenage and young mothers. Ischemia of the vascular vitelline vessels is the likely mechanism of pathogenesis. Given that chronic stress and violence against women are risk factors for cardiovascular disease we explored whether these may represent risk factors for gastroschisis	 when they occur during pregnancy. A case-control study was conducted	 with 15 incident cases of children born with gastroschisis in the Region of Murcia	 Spain	 from December 2007 to June 2013. Forty concurrent controls were recruited at gestation weeks 20-24 or post-partum. All mothers of cases and controls completed a comprehensive	 in-person	 'green sheet' questionnaire on environmental exposures. Results: Mothers of children with gastroschisis were younger	 smoked more cigarettes per week relative to controls	 were exposed to higher amounts of illegal drugs	 and suffered from domestic violence more frequently than the controls. Multivariable logistic regression analysis highlights periconceptional 'gender-related violence' (OR: 16.6	 95% CI 2.7 to 101.7) and younger maternal age (OR 1.1	 95% CI 1.0-1.3). Conclusions: Violence against pregnant women is associated with birth defects	 and should be studied in more depth as a cause-effect teratogenic. Psychosocial risk factors	 including gender-based violence	 are important for insuring the health and safety of the pregnant mother and the fetus.														
AB The hydrohaloalkanes have attracted much attention as potential substitutes of chlorofluorocarbons (CFCs) that deplete the ozone layer and lead to great high global warming. Having a short atmospheric lifetime is very important for the potential substitutes that may also induce ozone depletion and yield high global warming gases to be put in use. Quantitative structure-activity relationship (QSAR) studies were presented for their lifetimes aided by the quantum chemistry parameters including net charges	 Mulliken overlaps	 E-HOMO and E-LUMO based on the density functional theory (DFT) at B3PW91 level	 and the C-H bond dissociation energy based on AMI calculations. Outstanding features of the logistic mapping	 a simple chaotic system	 especially the inherent ability to search the space of interest exhaustively have been utilized. The chaotic mapping aided genetic algorithm artificial neural network training scheme (CGANN) showed better performance than the conventional genetic algorithm ANN training when the structure of the data set was not favorable. The lifetimes of HFCs and HCs appeared to be greatly dependent on their energies of the highest occupied molecular orbitals. The perference of the RMSRE comparing to RMSE as objective function of ANN training was better for the samples of interest with relatively short lifetimes. C2H6 and C3H8 as potential green substitutes of CFCs present relatively short lifetimes.																									
AB Background: Symptoms of Parkinson's disease (PD) are usually controlled by a continuous titration of medication and addition of multiple therapies over the course of the disease. Therapeutic complex schemes	 polymedication	 comorbidities and the number of medications required contribute to non-adherence.																												
AB PURPOSE. Polypoidal choroidal vasculopathy (PCV) contains aneurismal morphologic and histopathologic feature and it is considered to be a possible distinct entity from neovascular age-related macular degeneration (AMD). In this study	 the association of identified risk variants for intracranial aneurysm on chromosome 9p21 with PCV and neovascular AMD in a Chinese Han population was investigated.																													
AB Background/Aims: To assess dietary and nondietary determinants of serum undercarboxylated osteocalcin (ucOC) as a measure of vitamin K status. Methods: UcOC and total intact osteocalcin (iOC) concentrations were determined by specific ELISA tests in serum samples of 231 male and 320 female participants (18-81 years) of the representative	 cross-sectional Bavarian Food Consumption Survey II. Determinants of ucOC were investigated by analysis of variance	 Spearman's rank correlation coefficients and logistic regression models. Results: Mean ucOC serum concentration was 2.46 ng/ml in men and 2.34 ng/ml in women. Corresponding means of the ratio of ucOC to iOC (ucOC/iOC) were 0.28 and 0.29. Concentrations of ucOC and iOC	 as well as the ratio of ucOC/iOC	 strongly depended on the participant's age. UcOC was influenced by smoking status	 sports activity	 and the season when blood was collected. Dietary intake of the dominant vitamin K sources	 green leafy vegetables and dairy products	 as well as the plasma concentration of the carotenoid lutein were inversely associated with serum ucOC values. Conclusions: In studies using serum ucOC as a measure of vitamin K supply	 determinants	 especially age	 need to be taken into account. Copyright (c) 2008 S. Karger AG	 Basel.																		
AB The desire to provide greener antifouling (AF) biocides for incorporation into marine paints has led to the discovery of many AF natural products. However	 economical and sustainable supply of these natural products is often lacking. Twenty one structurally diverse gamma-hydroxybutenolides - inspired by two natural AF sesterterpene gamma-hydroxybutenolides (cavernosolide and lintenolide A) - were synthesized and tested for in vitro AF efficacy against the marine bryozoan larvae (Bugula neritina) and algae (Isocluysis galbana). The most potent analogues (EC50 ca. 2 mu g/mL) had AF activity comparable to the natural products (EC50 ca. 0.6 mu g/mL). Sites of attachment of side chains to the gamma-hydroxybutenolide core structure had little effect on AF activity	 however a clear relationship was established between lipophilicity and AF activity. Four analogues were chosen for field trials	 incorporated into paints and deployed on panels in the marine environment. These analogues were chosen to reflect logistics of large scale synthesis and to provide representation of diverse structural motifs. Without any primary or cobiocides (except ZnO as a paint pigment)	 two analogues demonstrated a pronounced AF effect by resisting biofouling for over 18 weeks	 compared to the ZnO control of between 7 and 10 weeks. Fine tuning of the structural motifs and/or the inclusion of co-biocides in paint formulations provide the potential to increase AF efficacy further. (C) 2013 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.																									
AB Purpose - The purpose of this paper is to verify if Brazilian companies are adopting environmental requirements in the supplier selection process. Further	 this paper intends to analyze whether there is a relation between the level of environmental management maturity and the inclusion of environmental criteria in the companies' selection of suppliers.																													
AB This paper seeks to develop and test a model to examine the relationships between	 technical aspects of IS resources (IS alignment	 IS resources technical quality	 IS advancement)	 supply chain process integration	 and firm performance. A questionnaire-based survey was conducted to collect data from 227 supply chain	 logistics	 or procurement/purchasing managers of leading manufacturing and retail organizations. Drawing on resources-based view of the firm	 and through extending the concept of process integration in supply network	 as well as broadening the scope of role of IS resources in relation to process integration and performance gain from the focal firm to the entire supply chain	 we found that supply chain process integration is an important multidimensional intermediate organizational capability through which the value of IS resources for supply chain management can be materialized. This capability serves as a catalyst in transforming the value of technical aspects of IS resources into higher performance gain for a firm. Thus	 the importance of formation of all dimensions of this capability across supply network should be realized. Moreover	 the result suggests that the technical aspects of IS resources need to be jointly developed by supply partners to effectively form supply chain capabilities.																		
AB We investigated the possible association between genetic variants in the Patatin like phospholipase-3 (PNPLA3) gene and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in a Han Chinese population. We evaluated twelve tagging single-nucleotide polymorphisms (tSNPs) of the PNPLA3 gene in a frequency matched case-control study from Fuzhou city of China (553 cases	 553 controls). In the multivariate logistic regression analysis	 the rs738409 GG or GC	 and rs139051 TT genotypes were found to be associated with increased risk of NAFLD	 and a significant trend of increased risk with increasing numbers of risk genotype was observed in the cumulative effect analysis of these single nucleotide polymorphisms. Furthermore	 haplotype association analysis showed that	 compared with the most common haplotype	 the CAAGAATGCGTG and CGAAGGTGTCCG haplotypes conferred a statistically significant increased risk for NAFLD	 while the CGGGAACCCGCG haplotype decreased the risk of NAFLD. Moreover	 rs738409 C>G appeared to have a multiplicative joint effect with tea drinking (P<0.005) and an additive joint effect with obesity (Interaction contrast ratio (ICR) = 2.31	 95% CI: 0.7-8.86)	 hypertriglyceridemia (ICR = 3.07	 95% CI: 0.98-5.09) or hypertension (ICR = 1.74	 95% CI: 0.52-3.12). Our data suggests that PNPLA3 genetic polymorphisms might influence the susceptibility to NAFLD development independently or jointly in Han Chinese.																	
AB Background: In developed countries	 giardiasis is considered a travel related disease. However	 routine surveillance data from Germany indicate that >50% of infections were acquired indigenously. We studied the epidemiological characteristics of symptomatic Giardia infections acquired in Germany and abroad	 and verified the proportion of cases acquired in Germany in order to investigate risk factors for sporadic autochthonous Giardia infections.																											
AB While commonplace in other parts of the world	 long-term and ongoing observations of the phenology of native tree species are rare in North America. We use 14 years of field survey data from the Hubbard Brook Experimental Forest to fit simple models of canopy phenology for three northern hardwood species	 sugar maple (Acer saccharum)	 American beech (Fagus grandifolia)	 and yellow birch (Betula alleghaniensis). These models are then run with historical meteorological data to investigate potential climate change effects on phenology. Development and senescence are quantified using an index that ranges from 0 (dormant	 no leaves) to 4 (full	 green canopy). Sugar maple is the first species to leaf out in the spring	 whereas American beech is the last species to drop its leaves in the fall. Across an elevational range from 250 to 825 m ASL	 the onset of spring is delayed by 2.7 +/- 0.4 days for every 100 m increase in elevation	 which is in reasonable agreement with Hopkin's law. More than 90% of the variation in spring canopy development	 and just slightly less than 90% of the variation in autumn canopy senescence	 is accounted for by a logistic model based on accumulated degree-days. However	 degree-day based models fit to Hubbard Brook data appear to overestimate the rate at which spring development occurs at the more southerly Harvard Forest. Autumn senescence at the Harvard Forest can be predicted with reasonable accuracy in sugar maple but not American beech. Retrospective modeling using five decades (1957-2004) of Hubbard Brook daily mean temperature data suggests significant trends (P <= 0.05) towards an earlier spring (e.g. sugar maple	 rate of change=0.18 days earlier/yr)	 consistent with other studies documenting measurable climate change effects on the onset of spring in both North America and Europe. Our results also suggest that green canopy duration has increased by about 10 days (e.g. sugar maple	 rate of change=0.21 days longer/yr) over the period of study.															
AB Laboratory experiments were performed to study the growth rate and phosphorus (P) and nitrogen (N) uptake of two nanoplanktonic algal species	 Scenedesmus intermedius Chod. and Nannochloris sp. that were isolated from different sources of pig manure. Experiments were carried out for immobilized and free cell cultures simultaneously	 with three replicates for each type of culture. Algal immobilization was prepared in calcium alginate beads. The growth rate (measured as chlorophyll increase per hour) and the P and N uptake rate (measured as P and N increase per hour) were estimated by linearization of the logistic growth and nutrient uptake curves	 which allowed us to apply proper statistical comparative analyses.																											
AB This paper describes two payment for ecosystem services (PES) programs to restore grassland ecosystems in Inner Mongolia in Northern China. A key challenge is to sustain the livelihood of local residents	 who earn most of their income from traditional animal husbandry. We surveyed 240 herders and 36 government representatives in 2 years. We used contingent valuation and logistic regression to analyze the resulting data. Since the PES implementation	 income from cultivation and animal grazing decreased	 whereas income from compensation and off-farm activities increased. The herders preferred an annual payment of 625 Chinese yuan. (CNY) ha(-1) for participating in conservation activities	 but the government prefers to provide 528 CNY ha(-1)	 resulting in an annual gap of 97 CNY ha(-1). The current too-low payments may lead some herders to expand their grazing into restricted grassland or increase their number of animals	 particularly if either payment program ends. The herders were most concerned about their economic loss	 whereas the government considered both grassland restoration and income protection to be important. To create an improved and sustainable PES scheme	 we recommend solutions that will let the herders sustain their livelihood while conserving the grasslands. Our findings will help to establish more effective PES schemes for the grasslands of Inner Mongolia and similar regions.																						
AB The functional response of females of the phytoseiid mite	 Iphiseius degenerans (Berlese)	 to increasing densities of females of its prey	 Tetranychus urticae Koch and Eutetranychus orientalis Klein	 on bean leaves	 were studied under laboratory conditions. Our results indicated that the predator consumed significantly more items of E. orientalis than of T. urticae at all densities treatments. Daily consumption of the predator increased with increasing prey density until a plateau was reached-maximum number of prey consumed was ca. 4 for T. urticae and ca. 12 for E. orientalis. A Type II functional response was determined by a logistic regression model. The highest estimated value a (instantaneous rate of attack) and the lowest value of T (h) (handling time) were found for the predator feeding on E. orientalis. Prey selection was evaluated by simultaneously presenting both prey species to the predator in various ratios and at increasing densities. I. degenerans showed a higher predation rate and higher preference for E. orientalis at all the ratios and prey densities tested. This may be due to the smaller size or the inactivity of E. orientalis and the inability of the predator to cope with the webbing of T. urticae. Our results suggest that I. degenerans can be considered a suitable biological control candidate based on its preference for E. orientalis in the Mediterranean region.																									
AB The primary aim of this study was to evaluate the relationship of single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) in ribosomal protein SA (RPSA) gene with colorectal cancer (CRC). A case-control study including 388 controls and 387 patients with CRC was conducted in a Chinese population. Information about socio-demography and living behavior factors was collected by a structured questionnaire. Three SNPs (rs2133579	 rs2269349	 rs7641291) in RPSA gene were genotyped by Illumina SnapShot method. Multiple logistic regression models were used for assessing the joint effects between tea consumption and SNPs on CRC. The subjects with rs2269349 CC genotype had a decreased risk for CRC (OR=0.60; 95% CI=0.37-0.99)	 compared with TT/CT genotype after adjustment for covariates. A similar association of rs2269349 with rectal cancer was observed (OR=0.49; 95% CI=0.24-1.00). Further analyses indicated that this SNP could modify the protective effect of tea drinking on CRC. Among the subjects with rs2269349 TT/CT or rs2133579 AA/GA	 there was a marginal significantly lower risk of CRC (OR and 95% CI: 0.63 and 0.39-1.01 for rs2269349; 0.64 and 0.40-1.02 for rs2133579) in tea-drinking subjects in comparison to non-tea-drinking subjects. Mutants in the RPSA gene might be associated with genetic susceptibility to CRC and influence the protective effect of tea consumption in the Chinese population.																										
AB Certain polyphenols inhibit the activity of aromatase	 a critical enzyme in estrogen synthesis that is coded by the CYP19A1 gene. Consumption of polyphenol-rich foods and beverages	 thus	 may interact with CYP19A1 genetic polymorphisms in the development of endometrial cancer. The authors tested this hypothesis in the Shanghai Endometrial Cancer Study (1997-2003)	 a population-based case-control study of 1	204 endometrial cancer cases and 1	212 controls. Dietary information was obtained by use of a validated food frequency questionnaire. Genotypes of CYP19A1 at rs28566535	 rs1065779	 rs752760	 rs700519	 and rs1870050 were available for 1	042 cases and 1	035 controls. Unconditional logistic regression models were used to calculate odds ratios and their 95% confidence intervals after adjustment for potential confounding factors. Higher intake of soy foods and tea consumption were both inversely associated with the risk of endometrial cancer	 with odds ratios of 0.8 (95% confidence interval: 0.6	 1.0) for the highest versus the lowest tertiles of intake of soy and 0.8 (95% confidence interval: 06	 0.9) for ever tea consumption. The association of single nucleotide polymorphisms rs1065779	 rs752760	 and rs1870050 with endometrial cancer was modified by tea consumption (p(interaction) < 0.05) but not by soy isoflavone intake. The authors' findings suggest that tea polyphenols may modify the effect of CYP19A1 genetic polymorphisms on the development of endometrial cancer.													
AB Animal studies demonstrate teratogenic effects of caffeine	 whereas human studies are inconclusive. METHODS: Associations between maternal caffeine consumption and neural tube defects (NTDs) by type of NTD (anencephaly	 spina bifida	 or encephalocele) were examined using data from the National Birth Defects Prevention Study (NBDPS). Total average daily caffeine from coffee	 tea	 soda	 and chocolate consumption during the year before pregnancy was estimated for 768 mothers of infants with NTDs and 4143 mothers of infants without birth defects who gave birth during 1997 through 2002. Periconceptional use of caffeine-containing medications was evaluated separately. Adjusted odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) associated with consumption of total caffeine and each caffeine source were estimated from logistic regression models. RESULTS: Positive associations were observed between spina bifida and total caffeine consumption (OR 1.4; 95% CI: 1.1-1.9) and each caffeine source except caffeinated tea	 which showed a negative association with spina bifida (OR 0.7; 95% CI: 0.6-0.9). Associations with modestly increased risk of NTDs and encephalocele were also observed. The association between caffeine consumption and anencephaly differed by maternal race/ethnicity. No dose effects were found. CONCLUSIONS: Additional studies should confirm whether women who consume caffeine are at increased risk for pregnancies complicated by NTDs. Birth Defects Research (Part A) 85:879-889	 2009. (C) 2009 Wiley-Liss	 Inc.																					
AB An adequate folic acid intake has been related to female fertility. The recommended intake of this vitamin was recently increased to 400 mu g/day	 with an additional 200 mu g/day during pregnancy. The Mediterranean Diet includes sources of folate such as pulses	 green-leaf vegetables	 fruit	 cereals	 and dried fruits; other foods of interest are liver and blue fish. The objectives were to determine the foods that contribute most to folate intake and analyze the factors that influence their consumption by three generations in a female population (n = 898; age	 10-75 yrs) from Southern Spain: 230 adolescents (10-16 yrs)	 296 healthy pregnant women (19-45 yrs)	 and 372 menopausal women (>45 yrs). Participants completed a previously validated semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire. Over 90% of their folate intake was supplied by cereals	 fruit	 natural juice	 pulses	 and cooked and raw vegetables. The mean (SD) daily intake of folate was 288.27(63.64) mu g. A higher Mediterranean Diet Score (MDS) was significantly related to a greater folate intake. The daily folate intake was not significantly influenced by educational level	 number of children	 or place of residence (rural vs. urban). In logistic regression analysis	 the factors related to an adequate folate intake (>2/3 of recommendations) were higher age	 higher MDS	 and lower BMI. (C) 2013 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.													
AB The aim of the study was to determine the association between coffee consumption and the risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus.																														
AB The treatment of organic waste solvents is an important issue in the chemical industry as large amounts accrue annually. As all treatment options are associated with specific environmental impacts	 a sound management of waste solvents can therefore lead to large ecological benefits. The goal of this work was therefore to identify opportunities and requirements for an environmentally sound waste-solvent management. To this end	 a survey was carried out together with the Swiss chemical industry. The results show that only a few technologies are used on a grand scale	 such as incineration and distillation for solvent recovery. But waste-solvent management is strongly influenced by boundary conditions such as costs	 logistics	 legislation and guidelines	 storage capacity	 safety considerations	 and the existing technologies on the production site. Thus	 we identified that the best opportunity to optimize waste-solvent management would be in an early stage of process design	 for instance	 before scale-up for the launching of the production or when production campaigns change. Two actual case studies from the chemical industry show how environmentally sound waste-solvent management can be integrated in the planning of a chemical company and lead to ecological benefits. In the first case study a company investigates different routes of waste-solvent treatment for waste streams which are treated outside the plant by third parties. In the second case study different options for the treatment of a dimethoxy ethane mixture are assessed	 taking into account environmental impacts by a lifecycle perspective.																		
AB Background: Although many studies have reported the association between neighborhood built environment (BE) and physical activity (PA)	 less is known about the associations for older populations or in countries besides the US and Australia. The aim of this paper is to examine the associations for older adult populations in Japan.																													
AB A high consumption of flavonoids may lower cardiovascular risk through their antioxidant capacity. This study evaluated the relation between consumption of foods rich in flavonoids and estimated cardiovascular risk. A cross-sectional analysis was performed in 1286 women and 1005 men of the SU.VI.MAX Study (an 8-y trial evaluating the effect of antioxidant supplementation on the incidence of major chronic diseases). Dietary intakes were estimated using six 24-h dietary records collected during the year between the clinical measurement of blood pressure	 weight and height and the biological measurement of total serum cholesterol and fasting plasma glucose. The relation between flavonoid rich food consumption and cardiovascular risk factors was evaluated with analyses of covariance and the effect on cardiovascular risk with logistic regression analyses. In women	 flavonoid-rich food consumption was inversely related to systolic blood pressure (P = 0.005). No relation between risk factors and flavonoid-rich food consumption was seen in men. Women in the highest tertile of flavonoid-rich food consumption were at lower risk for cardiovascular disease [odds ratio (OR): 0.31; 95%CI: 0.14	 0.68]	 whereas a positive tendency was seen in men (OR: 1.38; 95%CI: 0.96	 2.00). These results indicate that in women	 a high consumption of flavonoid-rich foods may prevent cardiovascular disease.																								
AB To evaluate the susceptibility of biotypes of red rice (Oryza sativa) and commercial rice cultivars to the herbicide imazethapyr	 a greenhouse assay was conducted with five red rice biotypes (accesses Santa Maria 5	 Pelotas 3	 Rio Pardo 1	 2 and Manoel Viana Catucaba 1)	 two commercial rice cultivars: Clearfield (R) (Irga CL 422 and CL Puit INTA)	 and a conventional cultivar (Irga 417). The methodology of dose-response curves proposed by Seefeldt et al. (1995) was applied. The methodology of response curves was generated from the parameters of the logistic model and the values of I(50). The red rice biotypes and cultivars were subjected to six doses of the herbicide imazethapyr (0	33.12	66.25	132.5	 265.0 and 530.0 g a.i. ha(-1)). Rice plants were counted and collected on the 20th day after treatment application. Damage percentage analysis was performed by visual assessment of phytotoxicity (%)	 plant green mass	 and plant dry mass. Through the curves and results of the analysis of variance	 it could be inferred that the cultivars Irga Clearfield CL 422 and CL Puit INTA were significantly equal to red rice biotype Catucaba 1	 resisting to imazethapyr doses higher than those recommended to the Match Clearfield (R) system in the field. Biotypes Manoel Viana 2	 Santa Maria 5	 and Pelotas 3 grouped with the conventional cultivar IRGA 417	 and were susceptible to the commercial dose of the herbicide. Rio Pardo 1 biotype is also resistant to the herbicide imazethapyr	 but less than biotype Catucaba 1.												
AB Background: The Task Force on Community Preventive Services strongly recommends environmental interventions that include enhanced access to opportunities for physical activity	 such as walking and cycling trails. Although accumulating evidence indicates that trails can be effective in increasing physical activity	 little is known about trail users.																												
AB Although the association for esophageal cancer with tobacco smoking and alcohol drinking has been well established	 the risk appears to be less strong in China. To provide more evidence on the effect of smoking and alcohol consumption with esophageal cancer in China	 particularly among Chinese women	 a population-based case-control study has been conducted in Jiangsu	 China	 from 2003 to 2007. A total of 1	520 cases and 3	879 controls were recruited. Unconditional multivariate logistic regression analysis was applied. Results showed that the odds ratio (OR) and confidence interval (CI) for ever smoking and alcohol drinking were 1.57 (95% CI: 1.34-1.83) and 1.50 (95% CI: 1.29-1.74). Dose-response relationships were observed with increased intensity and longer duration of smoking/drinking. Risk of smoking and alcohol drinking at the highest joint level was 7.32 (95% CI: 4.58-11.7)	 when compared to those never smoked and never drank alcohol. Stratifying by genders	 smoking and alcohol drinking increased the risk among men with an OR of 1.74 (95% CI: 1.44-2.09) and 1.76 (95% CI: 1.48-2.09); however	 neither smoking nor alcohol consumption showed a significant association among women. In conclusion	 smoking and alcohol drinking were associated with esophageal cancer risk among Chinese men	 but not among Chinese women.																		
AB The amount of residual biomass from pruning operations of urban trees is a potentially abundant	 and an underutilized source that could contribute significantly more to regional and national bio-economies than it does at present. Better utilization of woody biomass from urban green space	 leisure and industrial areas could offer bio-based fuels for heat and power generation	 reduce pressure on forests and reduce the management costs on a local and regional level. The aim of the work was to quantify woody biomass proceeding from pruning operations and verify the potential of using allometric relationships developed for urban forests. Quantitative results of the residual wood biomass obtained from annual pruning operations of Sophora japonica are presented in the paper according to the type of pruning practice applied. Wood formed 59.97% of total weight of all pruned material before the drying process	 wood moisture content in wet basis was 44.88% and mean quantity of dry biomass (branches without leaves) obtained per tree was 18.07 kg. Regression models were applied to predict weight of dry biomass obtained per tree. Significant relationship was observed between quantity of biomass and diameter at breast height at R-2 = 0.60. The analysis indicates that an abundant amount of residual biomass originating from pruning operations of ornamental species can be used to achieve ecological and energy targets. Moreover	 the presented methodology creates a tool for better prediction of income	 field work and logistics management for the future. (C) 2012 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.																								
AB PURPOSE Hot tea and coffee have been found to have antimicrobial properties. The purpose of this study was to determine whether the consumption of tea	 coffee	 or both is associated with less frequent nasal carriage of methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA).																												
AB Primarily due to environmental concerns and legislative mandates	 the disposition of end-of-life (EOL) electronics products has attracted much attention. Advanced recycling fees (ARFs) and government subsidies may play important roles in encouraging or curtailing the flows of recycled items. We present a Stackelberg-type model to determine ARFs and socially optimal subsidy fees in decentralized reverse supply chains where each entity independently acts according to its own interests. The model consists of one leader (the government) and two followers (a group of manufacturers	 importers	 and sellers (MISs) and a group of recyclers). To maximize social welfare	 the government determines the ARFs paid by MIS and the subsidy fees for recyclers when MIS sells new products and recyclers process EOL products. We find that MIS and recyclers behave at the equilibrium status by choosing optimal selling quantity in the market and optimal reward money for customers bringing EOL products to recyclers. Under this approach the two fees achieve the maximum of social welfare at the equilibrium status	 while both MIS and recyclers gain the maximum of profits. For comparative purposes	 we also develop a conceptual model describing the current practice by which ARFs and the subsidy fees are determined on the basis of fund balance between revenues and costs along with recycling operations. We conclude that our results outperform current practice. (C) 2010 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.																								
AB Objective: To assess the usefulness of the Practidose (R) individualised dispensing and dosing pillbox system in improving treatment compliance (TC).																														
AB PURPOSE: A case-control study was conducted in Japan to examine the joint effects of oxidative stress and antioxidants on the risk of subarachnoid hemorrhage (SAH).																														
AB This paper describes the synthesis of a rubber seed supply network to support the green energy demand in Malaysia. An optimised rubber seed supply network design	 which maximises biomass utilisation	 secures local biomass supply as well as reduces material loss and emissions resulted from inefficient logistic activities has been carried out. The utilisation of rubber seed oil (RSO) for biofuel production in Malaysia and its contribution to the national biomass renewable energy portion is forecasted. The supply network of the biomass is synthesised through mixed integer linear programming. Both centralised and de-centralised rubber seed processing facilities are studied. The network model shows that the selection of rubber seed processing plant is highly dependant on the volume of feedstock. A simplified real case study is presented to demonstrate the optimisation model. In addition	 biodiesel price is largely dependent on the feedstock market. Thus	 comparison of crude palm oil (CPO) and RSO production processes have been made in term of (i) energy and utility consumptions	 (ii) feedstock price and (iii) environmental impact. Sensitivity analysis of rubber seed oil price for obtaining optimal blending ratio of rubber seed oil and crude palm oil has been performed in order to determine the market uncertainty of the biodiesel price. The potential of substituting rubber seed oil for crude palm oil as an alternative blending feedstock for biodiesel production has been validated. (C) 2013 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.																									
AB Sustainable supply chain network design is a rich area for academic research that is still in its infancy and has potential to affect supply chain performance. Increasing regulations for carbon and waste management are forcing firms to consider their supply chains from ecological and social objectives	 but in reality	 however	 facilities and the links connecting them are disrupted from time to time	 due to poor weather	 natural or manmade disasters or a combination of any other factors. Supply chain systems drop their sustainability objectives while coping with these unexpected disruptions. Hence	 the new challenges for supply chain managers are to design an efficient and effective supply chain network that will be resilient enough to bounce back from any disruption and that also should have sufficient vigilance to offer same sustainability under a disruption state. This paper focuses on ecological sustainability	 because an environmental focus in a supply chain system is more important and also links with other pillars of sustainability	 as the products need to be produced	 packed and transported in an ethical way	 which should not harm social balance and the environment. Owing to importance of the considered issue	 this paper attempts to introduce a network optimization model for a sustainable and resilient supply chain network by incorporating (1) sustainability via carbon emissions and embodied carbon footprints and (2) resilience by incorporating location-specific risks. The proposed goal programming (GP) model optimizes the total cost	 while considering the resilience and sustainability of the supply chain network.																		
AB The cause of diabetes in morbidly obese patients is multifactorial	 including genetic	 social	 and dietary components. Transcription factor 7-like 2 (TCF7L2) is a gene that is related to the development of diabetes. This pilot study examines TCF7L2 expression in liver samples obtained from morbidly obese patients undergoing bariatric surgery. TCF7L2 expression is compared between diabetic and nondiabetic patients.																											
AB The effects of fire-grazing interactions	on grass communities are difficult to identify	 because fire and grazing influence each other on a landscape scale. Persistent heavy grazing can prevent the spread of fire by breaking up the grass layer. In contrast	 frequent burning might inhibit the persistence of grazed patches by attracting grazers to the post-burn green flush. We explored the effect of burning on grazing activity	 and the persistence of grazed patches	 in a landscape-level experiment in a South African savanna.																									
AB Objective: Gastric cancer is an important public health problem in the world and Turkey. In addition to Helicobacter pylori (H. pylori)	 smoking	 alcohol consumption and family history	 certain dietary factors have been associated with its occurrence. The impact of dietary habits and life-style factors on the risk of gastric cancer in Turkey were evaluated in this study. Design: A questionnaire was applied to 106 patients with gastric adenocarcinoma and 106 controls without cancer matched for age (range 28-85 years) and gender selected from a hospital based population. Adjusted odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) were calculated with logistic regression analysis. Results: The incidence of H. pylori was 81.3% in patients. Frequent consumption of salty dishes	 very salty foods like pickles	 soup mixes	 sausages	 foods at hot temperature (ORs = 3.686	7.784	5.264	 3.148 and 3.273 respectively) and adding salt without tasting (OR = 4.198) were associated with increased gastric risk. Also heavy smoking and high amount of alcohol consumption (p = 0.000) were risk factors. Frequent consumption of green vegetables	 onion	 garlic and dried fruits (ORs = 0.569	0.092	 0.795 and 0.041) was non-significantly associated with decreased risk. Conclusion: Improved dietary habits	 reducing salt consumption and eradication of H. pylori infection may provide protection against gastric cancer in Turkey.															
AB The objective is to investigate the relationships between fruit and vegetable intake	 DNA repair gene polymorphisms and the risk of bladder cancer. We have analyzed a hospital-based case-control study of 266 individuals with incident	 histologically confirmed bladder cancer diagnosed between 1994 and 2003. Controls (n = 193) were patients treated for benign diseases recruited daily in a random fashion from the same hospital as the cases. All cases and controls were interviewed face-to-face for major risk factors	 along fruit and vegetable consumption. Odds ratios (ORs) for fruit and vegetable intake and DNA repair gene polymorphisms were adjusted for age and smoking status	 using unconditional logistic regression. A statistically significant decreased risk was observed for fruit and vegetable intake above median (versus below the median) [unadjusted OR 0.61	 confidence interval (CI) 95% 0.500.96 and OR 0.54	 CI 95% 0.39-0.80	 respectively]; the decreased risk persisted after adjustment for age and cigarette smoking (OR 0.73	 CI 95% 0.49-1.01 and OR 0.86	 CI 95% 0.56-1.08	 respectively). The fruits and vegetables associated with decreased risks included leafy green vegetables	 cruciferous vegetables	 apples and citrus fruits. We did not find any interactions between DNA repair gene polymorphisms and fruit and vegetable intake. This study found a reduced risk associated with fruit and vegetable intake. No interaction was observed between fruit and vegetable consumption and DNA repair gene polymorphisms.																		
AB In regions of the United States that are predominately devoted to agricultural production	 most grassland habitat remains as linear strips	 including areas along roads and within conservation buffer strips. While land management agencies in the United States promote conservation buffer strips as beneficial to wildlife populations	 we know little about snake use of these habitats	 especially in relation to multiscale factors. Our poor understanding of these relationships hinders effective design and management of these habitats to conserve biodiversity. We evaluated the influence of buffer design	 management	 and surrounding landscape characteristics on snake occurrence in grassed waterways in southeastern Iowa. We documented snakes at nearly 80% of the grassed waterways and captured 119 individual snakes of five species; one of which	 the Smooth Green Snake (Lioclonorophis vernalis)	" is listed as a species of conservation concern in Iowa. We used a multiple logistic regression and an information theoretic approach to determine the most parsimonious local and landscape variable models that best explained snake species occurrence. The ""local"" waterway design variable"	 width	 occurred in the best local variable models for three of the five species and was positively associated with snake presence for all three species. Landscape variable models also helped explain snake presence; individual species responded differently to the various landscape metrics. Insights gained from this study may provide opportunities for improving the conservation value of buffer strips to snakes in these fragmented landscapes.																				
AB OBJECTIVE: The purpose of this study was to classify fetal heart rate (FHR) monitor patterns according to risk of fetal acidemia and risk of evolution to a more serious pattern and to use this information to construct a standardized process for FHR pattern management	 with the ultimate aim of minimizing newborn infant acidemia without excessive obstetric intervention.																													
AB Understanding amphibian habitat associations allows us to assess the impacts of environmental change on amphibian populations. We studied the habitat associations of five anurans in the Chihuahuan Desert of southern New Mexico	 USA. We used amphibian call surveys at 36 ephemeral water bodies and recorded an index of abundance for each species. We used GIS to identify vegetation communities (e.g.	 creosote bush	 grassland	 mesquite) within a buffer zone around each water site. We used ordinal logistic regression	 Akaike's information criterion (AIC(c))	 and canonical correspondence analysis to elucidate relationships between an index of anuran abundance and habitat variables. Creosote bush	 mesquite	 and grasses dominate the landscape in our study region. We detected Anaxyrus debilis (Green Toad) and Spec multiplicata (New Mexico Spadefoot Toad) most frequently (>70% of water bodies observed). Anaxyrus cognatus (Great Plains Toad)	 Scaphiopus couchii (Couch's Spadefoot Toad)	 and Spec bombifrons (Plains Spadefoot Toad) were detected at about half of water bodies studied. Anaxyrus cognatus	 Spec bombifrons	 and Sp. multiplicata tended to co-occur at breeding sites. Anaxyrus cognatus and Sp. bombifrons were more common in mesquite habitat. Succulent desert scrub	 though not common	 seemed to affect Sc. couchii positively and A. debilis negatively. Spec multiplicata was more generalistic and did not show strong habitat associations. We did not find evidence that shrub encroachment has had negative impacts on the amphibian community in our study system and may even have had positive effects on anurans	 especially A. cognatus and Sp. bombifrons.															
AB Much has been learned from the large scale deployment of acoustic tags on aquatic species and associated networks of riverine and marine receivers. While effective in the linear environment of river systems	 marine systems limit the ability to provide spatial information on fish movements and distributions due to a combination of costs	 logistics	 and lack of off-shore technology. At the same time	 each year millions of dollars worth of tags are being released into the aquatic environment with extended battery/transmission life	 yet detections are limited to coastal arrays. Here we explore new methods of tracking acoustically tagged species in the marine environment. A new miniaturized acoustic receiver	 the Vemco Mobile Transceiver (VMT) can be carried by large marine organisms. In combination with satellite and archival tag technology	 VMTs were deployed on northern elephant seals to monitor acoustic tags encountered during their migrations across the Northeast Pacific. Early results include acoustic detections of tagged great white sharks	 salmon sharks	 Chinook salmon	 steelhead	 lingcod	 green sturgeon and other elephant seals. We also propose several alternative directions for future effort: 1) analyzing the growing number of passive acoustic survey recordings made from hydrophone arrays for acoustic tag detections	 2) working with acoustic technology providers to develop hull-mounted receiver systems for the thousands of ocean going vessels around the world and 3) integrating acoustic receiver technology into the thousands of moored and drifting oceanographic buoy arrays.																	
AB Quorum sensing (QS) bacteria regulate gene expression collectively by exchanging diffusible signal molecules known as autoinducers. Although QS is often studied in well-stirred laboratory cultures	 QS bacteria colonize many physically and chemically heterogeneous environments where signal molecules are transported primarily by diffusion. This raises questions of the effective distance range of QS and the degree to which colony behavior can be synchronized over such distances. We have combined experiments and modeling to investigate the spatiotemporal patterns of gene expression that develop in response to a diffusing autoinducer signal. We embedded a QS strain in a narrow agar lane and introduced exogenous autoinducer at one terminus of the lane. We then measured the expression of a QS reporter as a function of space and time as the autoinducer diffused along the lane. The diffusing signal readily activates the reporter over distances of similar to 1 cm on time scales of similar to 10 h. However	 the patterns of activation are qualitatively unlike the familiar spreading patterns of simple diffusion	 as the kinetics of response are surprisingly insensitive to the distance the signal has traveled. We were able to reproduce these patterns with a mathematical model that combines simple diffusion of the signal with logistic growth of the bacteria and cooperative activation of the reporter. In a wild-type QS strain	 we also observed the propagation of a unique spatiotemporal excitation. Our results show that a chemical signal transported only by diffusion can be remarkably effective in synchronizing gene expression over macroscopic distances.																										
AB Polyphenols	 the most abundant dietary antioxidants	 also possess many other anticarcinogenic activities. Urinary metabolites of polyphenols could complement dietary assessment of the bioavailability of these nutrients. We conducted a study of 353 incident breast cancer cases and 701 individually matched controls nested within the Shanghai Women's Health Study cohort of women aged 40-70 years at baseline. Liquid chromatography photo-diode array electrospray mass spectrometry was used to measure tea polyphenols (epicatechin	 epigallocatechin	 and their metabolites) and flavonols (e.g.	 quercetin and kaempferol). Multivariate conditional logistic regression analyses were used to assess associations between breast cancer risk and urinary excretion rates of polyphenols. Urinary excretion of tea polyphenols increased with increasing tea leaves consumed among controls	 but not among breast cancer cases. Compared with cases	 controls had higher levels of urinary total polyphenols and tea polyphenols	 particularly epicatechin. In contrast	 we did not find any dose-response relationship between urinary polyphenols and breast cancer risk. Urinary excretion of epicatechin was inversely associated with breast cancer risk [odds ratio (OR) and 95% confidence interval (CI) of 0.59 (0.39-0.88) for the intermediate tertile]. In spline regression	 we found an overall dose-response relationship between epicatechin level and risk of breast cancer	 although it was not apparent in low and middle urinary excretion range. In conclusion	 high epicatechin may be related to a reduced risk of breast cancer. Further studies are warranted to confirm our findings.																		
AB With over 300 tonnes of gold used in electronics each year	 end-of-life electronic equipment offers an important recycling potential for the secondary supply of gold. With gold concentrations reaching 300-350 g/t for mobile phone handsets and 200-250 g/t for computer circuit boards	" this ""urban mine"" is significantly richer than what is available in primary ores."																												
AB The Indian subcontinent has among the highest rates of hypopharyngeal cancer worldwide. The purpose of this study was to examine the associations between the Indian diet and hypopharyngeal cancer.																														
AB Propane flaming could be an effective alternative tool for weed control in organic cropping systems. However	 response of major weeds to broadcast flaming must be determined to optimize its proper use. Therefore	 field experiments were conducted at the Haskell Agricultural Laboratory	 Concord	 NE in 2007 and 2008 using six propane doses and four weed species	 including green foxtail	 yellow foxtail	 redroot pigweed	 and common waterhemp. Our objective was to describe dose-response curves for weed control with propane. Propane flaming response was evaluated at three different growth stages for each weed species. The propane doses were 0	12	31	50	68	 and 87 kg ha(-1). Flaming treatments were applied utilizing a custom-built flamer mounted on a four-wheeler (all-terrain vehicle) moving at a constant speed of 6.4 km h(-1). The response of the weed species to propane flaming was evaluated in terms of visual ratings of weed control and dry matter recorded at 14 d after treatment. Weed species response to propane doses were described by log-logistic models relating propane dose to visual ratings or plant dry matter. Overall	 response of the weed species to propane flaming varied among species	 growth stages	 and propane dose. In general	 foxtail species were more tolerant than pigweed species. For example	 about 85 and 86 kg ha(-1) were the calculated doses needed for 90% dry matter reduction in five-leaf green foxtail and four-leaf yellow foxtail compared with significantly lower doses of 68 and 46 kg ha(-1) of propane for five-leaf redroot pigweed and common waterhemp	 respectively. About 90% dry matter reduction in pigweed species was achieved with propane dose ranging from 40 to 80 kg ha(-1)	 depending on the growth stage when flaming was conducted. A similar dose of 40 to 60 kg ha(-1) provided 80% reduction in dry matter for both foxtail species when flaming was done at their vegetative growth stage. However	 none of the doses we tested could provide 90% dry matter reduction in foxtail species at flowering stage. It is important to note that foxtail species started regrowing 2 to 3 wk after flaming. Broadcast flaming has potential for control or suppression of weeds in organic farming.									
AB Background: Deworming wild foxes by baiting with the anthelmintic praziquantel is being established as a preventive technique against environmental contamination with Echinococcus multilocularis eggs. Improvement of the cost-benefit performance of baiting treatment is required urgently to raise and maintain the efficacy of deworming. We established a spatial model of den site selection by urban red foxes	 the definitive host	 to specify the optimal micro-habitats for delivering baits in a new modeling approach modified for urban fox populations.																												
AB In Germany the promotion of renewable energy has led to a rapid expansion of biogas production in recent years. Growing controversy surrounds this development due to potential environmental trade-offs caused by biomass production for co-fermentation	 which is dominated by silage maize. The aim of the study was to evaluate the N-leaching potential following application of biogas residues and animal slurry to grassland and maize on a sandy soil in northern Germany.																													
AB Background Seasonal variation in fruit and vegetable consumption has been documented in a limited number of previous investigations and is important for the design of epidemiologic investigations and in the evaluation of intervention programs.																														
AB Mycosphaerella graminicola	 the most damaging disease of wheat in Northern Europe	 induces yield or grain quality losses usually related to green area losses. This work aims at clarifying whether induced senescence is due to an acceleration of apical senescence and thus to a modification of the leaf nitrogen remobilization rate. The effect on apical leaf senescence of a restricted diseased leaf area was investigated. The experiment involved four winter wheat cultivars varying in their susceptibility to four M. graminicola isolates. Flag leaves were inoculated at a dose representative of field epidemics. As soon as symptoms appeared	 dynamics of apical senescence (Sapi) and around the inoculation zone (Ssep) were measured by repeatedly taking digital photos until senescent areas merged. Ssep trends were fit to a logistic function whose parameters depended on cultivarxisolate interactions. Disease severities ranged from 0 to 24% total leaf area. Apical senescence followed an exponential pattern in control and inoculated leaves. Sapi was twice as great in inoculated shoots as in controls	 even when no disease occurred. The relative rate of Sapi depended on the cultivar	 but no isolate effect was detected despite wide variations in Ssep extent. Paired comparisons between inoculated and control leaves showed that the relative rate of Sapi was not increased by inoculation. It is concluded	 that over a wide range of Septoria disease	 apical senescence was not accelerated in inoculated leaves as compared to control. Results suggest that the disease did not modify the regulation of leaf N remobilization rate.																							
AB There is limited but interesting evidence suggesting that endometriosis may be associated with specific pigmentary traits and sun habits. In this case-control study	 we aimed to further clarify this point.																													
AB Purposes (1) Measure the prevalence of herbal product (HP) use	 alone	 and concomitantly with prescribed medications during pregnancy	 (2) identify the most frequently consumed HP during gestation and (3) determine predictors of HP use at the beginning of pregnancy	 and during the third trimester.																										
AB Background: Preoperative liver stiffness (LS) measurement using transient elastography (TE) is useful for predicting late recurrence after curative resection of hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). We developed and validated a novel LS value-based predictive model for late recurrence of HCC.																														
AB Background:There is considerable variation in hypertension prevalence and awareness	 and their correlates	 across different geographic locations and ethnic groups. We performed this cross-sectional analysis on data from the Golestan Cohort Study (GCS).Methods:Enrollment in this study occurred in 2004-2008	 and included 50045 healthy individuals from Golestan Province in northeastern Iran. Hypertension was defined as a SBP at least 140mmHg	 a DBP at least 90mmHg	 a prior diagnosis of hypertension	 or the use of antihypertensive drugs. Potential correlates of hypertension and its awareness were analyzed by logistic regression adjusted for sex	 age	 BMI	 place of residence	 literacy	 ethnicity	 physical activity	 smoking	 black and green tea consumption and wealth score.Results:Of the total cohort participants	 21350 (42.7%) were hypertensive. Age-standardized prevalence of hypertension	 using the 2001 WHO standard world population	 was 41.8% (95% confidence interval: 38.3-45.2%). Hypertension was directly associated with female sex	 increased BMI	 Turkmen ethnicity	 and lack of physical activity	 and inversely associated with drinking black tea and wealth score. Among hypertensive patients	 46.2% were aware of their disease	 17.6% were receiving antihypertensive medication	 and 32.1% of the treated patients had controlled hypertension. Hypertension awareness was greater among women	 the elderly	 overweight and obese patients	 and those with a higher wealth score.Conclusion:Hypertension is highly prevalent in rural Iran	 many of the affected individuals are unaware of their disease	 and the rate of control by antihypertensive medications is low. Increasing hypertension awareness and access to health services	 especially among less privileged residents are recommended.
AB Purpose: To assess the associations of the natural environment with obesity and physical activity in nonmetropolitan areas of the United States among representative samples by using 2 indices of outdoor activity potential (OAP) at the county level. Methods: We used the data from 457	820 and 473	296 noninstitutionalized adults aged over 18 years for obesity and physical activity	 respectively	 from the 2000-2006 Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System. The OAP indices were (1) a recreational opportunity index based on 24 variables related to outdoor physical activity	 such as the number of facilities available for walking	 biking	 hiking	 and swimming derived from the 1997 National Outdoor Recreation Supply Information System; and (2) a natural amenities index which was based on physical and social environmental characteristics	 such as climate	 topographic relief	 land cover	 and tourism. We fitted logistic regression models using generalized estimating equations to control for county level intracorrelation and tested each index separately to assess its relationship with obesity and physical activity. Findings: Recreational opportunities were higher in areas with greater natural amenities. After controlling for individual-level socioeconomic and demographic characteristics	 the prevalence of obesity decreased and propensity for physical activity increased with increasing levels of both recreational opportunities and natural amenities. Conclusions: Multiple indices of OAP based on characteristics of the built	 natural and social environments were associated with decreased obesity and increased physical activity in nonmetropolitan areas. Public health interventions should consider the opportunities and limitations offered by the natural environment for promoting physical activity and reducing obesity in rural areas.																
AB We evaluated the role of tea and coffee and substances added (sugar/honey	 creamers	 and milk) on endometrial cancer risk in a population-based case-control study in six counties in New Jersey	 including 417 cases and 395 controls. Multivariate odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) were computed using unconditional logistic regression. There was a moderate inverse association with coffee consumption	 with an adjusted OR of 0.65 (95% CI: 0.36-1.17) for women who reported more than two cups/day of coffee compared to none. Tea consumption appeared to increase risk (OR: 1.93; 95% CI: 1.08-3.45)	 but after including the variables sugar/honey and cream/milk added to tea in the model	 the risk estimate was attenuated and no longer statistically significant (OR: 1.77; 95% CI: 0.96-3.28 for those consuming more than one cup/day of tea compared to nonusers). There was a suggestion of a decreased risk associated with green tea	 but the confidence interval included one (adjusted OR for one or more cups/week vs. none: 0.75; 95% CI: 0.48-1.18). We found an association with adding sugar/honey to tea	 with those adding two or more teaspoons/cup having an OR of 2.66 (95% CI: 1.42-4.98; p for trend < 0.01) after adjusting for relevant confounders. For sugar/honey added to coffee the corresponding OR was 1.43 (95% CI: 0.81-2.55). Our results indicate that sugars and milk/cream added to coffee and tea should be considered in future studies evaluating coffee and tea and endometrial cancer risk.																						
AB Background: The treatment of osteoporosis among postmenopausal women represents a major public health challenge because long-term therapy is needed to prevent fractures and chronic disability Low patient compliance with prescribed osteoporosis treatments can severely distort the validity of controlled clinical trials. Raloxifene and alendronate have been shown to reduce the incidence of osteoporotic fracture in postmenopausal women in well-conducted randomized trials	 but few data are available on the rate of adherence to these treatments in routine clinical practice.																													
AB The primary aim was to respectively evaluate PLA2G4A mutants modifying protective effect of tea consumption against colorectal cancer (CRC)	 colon and rectal cancer.																													
AB BCL2L12 is a recently identified gene belonging to the BCL2 family	 members of which are implicated in hematologic malignancies	 including chronic lymphocytic leukemia (CLL). The aim of this study was to analyze the mRNA expression of the novel apoptosis-related gene BCL2L12 in patients with CLL and to examine its prognostic and predictive value and potential clinical application as a novel molecular biomarker for CLL. For this purpose	 total RNA was isolated from peripheral blood of 65 CLL patients and 23 healthy donors. An ultrasensitive quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction methodology for BCL2L12 and BCL2 mRNA quantification was developed using SYBR Green chemistry. After preparing cDNA by reverse transcription	 relative quantification analysis was performed using the comparative C(T) (2(-Delta Delta CT)) method. Furthermore	 analysis of IGHV mutational status	 CD38 expression	 and detection of early apoptosis by double staining with Annexin V-FITC and propidium iodide were performed. According to our findings	 BCL2L12 mRNA expression is significantly higher in CLL patients than in healthy donors. Receiver operating characteristic analysis demonstrated that BCL2L12 expression had significant discriminatory value	 distinguishing very efficiently CLL patients from the non-leukemic population. Moreover	 BCL2L12 expression predicts the presence of CLL	 as demonstrated by both univariate and multivariate logistic regression analyses. Finally	 high BCL2L12 mRNA levels are associated with advanced clinical stage and predict shorter overall survival in CLL patients. The Oncologist 2011;16:1280-1291																		
AB Based on fluid-dynamic and many-particle (car-following) simulations of traffic flows in (urban) networks	 we study the problem of coordinating incompatible traffic flows at intersections. Inspired by the observation of self-organized oscillations of pedestrian flows at bottlenecks	 we propose a self-organization approach to tra. c light control. The problem can be treated as a multi-agent problem with interactions between vehicles and traffic lights. Specifically	 our approach assumes a priority-based control of traffic lights by the vehicle flows themselves	 taking into account short-sighted anticipation of vehicle flows and platoons. The considered local interactions lead to emergent coordination patterns such as 'green waves' and achieve an efficient	 decentralized traffic light control. While the proposed self-control adapts flexibly to local flow conditions and often leads to non-cyclical switching patterns with changing service sequences of different traffic flows	 an almost periodic service may evolve under certain conditions and suggests the existence of a spontaneous synchronization of tra. c lights despite the varying delays due to variable vehicle queues and travel times. The self-organized traffic light control is based on an optimization and a stabilization rule	 each of which performs poorly at high utilizations of the road network	 while their proper combination reaches a superior performance. The result is a considerable reduction not only in the average travel times	 but also of their variation. Similar control approaches could be applied to the coordination of logistic and production processes.																					
AB Background/Aims: Colorectal cancer takes third place among all malignancies in the Varna region. The present study aims to determine the typical and distinguishing risk and protective factors for colorectal polyps and cancer formation.																														
AB Background. - In patients treated with systemic glucocorticoids (GCs)	 it is unknown if beliefs about the treatment are associated with level of reported adherence.																													
AB Using uncalibrated digital aerial imagery (DAI) for diagnosing in-season nitrogen (N) status of corn (Zea mays L.) is challenging because of the dynamic nature of corn growth and the difficulty of obtaining timely imagery. Late-season DAI is more accurate for identifying areas deficient in N than early-season imagery. Even so	 the quantitative use of the imagery across many fields is still limited because DAI is often not radiometrically calibrated. This study tested whether spectral characteristics of corn canopy derived from normalized uncalibrated late-season DAI could predict final corn N status. Color and near-infrared (NIR) imagery was collected in late August or early September across Iowa from 683 corn fields in 2006	 824 in 2007	 and 828 fields in 2007. Four sampling areas (one within a target-deficient area) were selected within each field for conducting the end-of-season corn stalk nitrate test (CSNT). Each image was enhanced to increase the dynamic range within each field and to normalize reflectance values across all fields within a year. The reflectance values of individual bands and three vegetation indices were used to predict corn N status expressed as Deficient and Sufficient (a combination of marginal	 optimal	 and excessive CSNT categories) using a binary logistic regression (BLR). The green reflectance had the highest prediction rate	 which was 70	64	 and 60% in 2006	2007	 and 2008	 respectively. The results suggest that the normalized (enhanced) late-season uncalibrated DAI can be used to predict final corn N status in large-scale on-farm evaluation studies.																			
AB BACKGROUND. Laboratory studies suggest that flavonoids are antimutagenic and anticarcinogenic. To investigate the associations between commonly consumed flavonoid compounds and lung cancer	 the authors conducted a population-based case-control study of 558 lung cancer cases and a group of 837 controls.																													
AB Objective: To identify patterns of perception of front-of-pack (FOP) nutrition labels and determine dietary	 lifestyle and health profiles related to such patterns.																													
AB BACKGROUND: Homogeneity in appearance is one of the quality aspects asked for in the supply chain. Decreasing the biological variation in batches of harvested apples (cultivars Braeburn	 Fuji and Gala) becomes increasingly important. Skin colour is one of the aspects that determine both optimal harvest and stage of development. Skin colour is affected by location in the canopy. The rules of development of biological variation are now established and will be used on skin colour data. RESULTS: The Minolta colour aspects a*	 b* and L* measured before commercial harvest change in a sigmoidal fashion and can be analysed including the biological variation	 with a logistic model in indexed nonlinear regression	 obtaining explained parts of above 90%. The mechanism of colour change is not affected by state of development or location in the canopy. The location in the canopy affects the intensity of both red and green colouring compounds. The variation in colouration is not affected by the location in the canopy. CONCLUSION: The red-coloured apple cultivar (Gala) depends more on the location in the canopy than the less-coloured cultivars (Fuji and Braeburn). The colour development in Fuji apples is considerably slower	 with a much larger variation in stage of development. The location in the canopy affects all aspects of biological variation (biological shift factor and asymptotic starting level of colouration) for all three colour aspects L*	 a* and b*	 but only the mean value	 not the standard deviation. The biological shift factors per colour aspects are linearly related. Once induced	 variation remains constant during development. Copyright (c) 2012 Society of Chemical Industry																					
AB Background Obesity and diabetes are metabolic disorders that affect a large amount of the elderly population and are related to increased cardiovascular risk. Tea intake has been associated with lower risk of mortality and morbidity in some	 but not all studies. We evaluated the association between tea intake	 blood glucose levels	 in a sample of elderly adults. Methods During 2005-2006	 300 men and women from Cyprus	 142 from Mitilini and 100 from Samothraki islands (aged 65-100 years) were enrolled. Dietary habits (including tea consumption) were assessed through a food frequency questionnaire. Among various factors	 fasting blood glucose and body mass index (BMI) were measured. Results Fifty-four percent of the participants reported that they consume tea at least once a week (mean intake 1.6 +/- 1.1 cup/day). A significant interaction was observed between tea intake	 obesity status on glucose levels (P < 0.001). After adjusting for various confounders	 tea intake was associated with lower blood glucose levels in non-obese (P for trend < 0.001)	 but not in obese people (P = 0.24). Multiple logistic regression analysis revealed that moderate tea consumption (1-2 cups/day) was associated with 88% (95% CI 76-98%) lower odds of having diabetes among non-obese participants	 irrespective of age	 sex	 smoking	 physical activity status	 dietary habits and other clinical characteristics. Conclusion Tea consumption is associated with reduced levels of fasting blood glucose only among non-obese elderly people.																
AB Mental health is a public health priority globally. Public Open Space (POS) may enhance mental health by facilitating contact with nature and the development of supportive relationships. Despite growing interest in the influence of the built environment on mental health	 associations between POS attributes and mental health remain relatively unexplored. In particular	 few studies have examined the relative effects of the quantity and quality of POS within a neighbourhood on mental health. Guided by a social ecological framework	 this study investigated the relationship between POS attributes (i.e.	 quantity and quality) and better mental health (i.e.	 low risk of psychological distress) in residents of new housing developments in the Perth metropolitan area	 Western Australia. The extent to which relationships between POS attributes and mental health were confounded by psychosocial factors (e.g.	 social support	 sense of community) and frequent use of POS was also explored. Data were obtained from a cross-sectional survey (n = 911)	 a POS audit	 and Geographical Information Systems	 and was analysed using logistic regression. Approximately 80% of survey participants were at low risk of psychological distress. Residents of neighbourhoods with high quality POS had higher odds of low psychosocial distress than residents of neighbourhoods with low quality POS. This appeared to be irrespective of whether or not they used POS. However	 the quantity of neighbourhood POS was not associated with low psychological distress. From a mental health perspective. POS quality within a neighbourhood appears to be more important than POS quantity. This finding has policy implications and warrants further investigation. (C) 2012 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.																		
AB Lichens make up a major component of Antarctic vegetation; they are also poikilohydric and are metabolically active only when hydrated. Logistic constraints have meant that we have little idea of the length	 timing or environmental conditions of activity periods of lichens. We present the results of a three-year monitoring of the activity of the lichen Umbilicaria aprina at Botany Bay (77A degrees S latitude) in the Ross Sea region	 continental Antarctica. Chlorophyll fluorescence parameters that allowed hydrated metabolic activity to be detected were recorded with a special fluorometer at 2- or 3-h intervals. Air and thallus temperatures and incident PPFD (photosynthetic photon flux density	 mu mol photon m(-2) s(-1)) were also recorded at hourly intervals. Activity was extremely variable between months and years and	 overall	 lichen was active for 7% of the 28-month period. Spring snow cover often delayed the onset of activity. Whereas the period immediately after snow melt was often very productive	 the later months	 January to March	 often showed low or no activity. Mean thallus temperature when active was just above zero degrees and much higher than the annual mean air temperature of -15 to -19A degrees C. Because major snow melts occurred when incident radiation was high	 the lichen was also subjected to very high PPFD when active	 often more than 2	500 mu mol photon m(-2) s(-1). The major environmental stress appeared to be high light rather than low temperatures	 and the variability of early season snow fall means that prediction of activity will be very difficult.																		
AB Field trials tested which components of epidemic development of Puccinia striiformis	 the cause of yellow rust	 were affected by nitrogen (N) fertilizer applied to winter wheat. Both timing and amount of N were varied to affect canopy size and leaf N content	 and to provide a supply of mobile N to the pathogen	 by causing fresh N uptake after leaf expansion was complete. No N was applied to control plots. A logistic disease-progress function was fitted to disease-severity data	 which were assessed in absolute units. Leaf area and specific leaf N (g N per m(2) leaf tissue) were quantified. Large and highly significant effects of N on the upper asymptotes	 or 'carrying capacities' (c) were found. Effects on rates and points of inflection of the epidemics were not significant. Early N resulted in larger shoot numbers and leaf area	 but disease was also more severe	 so that by grain filling	 the remaining green leaf areas were larger without N than with N. Later N treatments did not increase canopy size	 but did increase symptom area compared with the control. These effects differ from the concept that N affects disease as a result of its effect on canopy growth	 and therefore canopy microclimate	 and suggest instead a substrate effect. Linear regression revealed that 51% of the observed differences in c were explained by variation in specific leaf N	 suggesting that growth of the rust fungus may depend directly on particular components of total leaf N.																	
AB Aims: Cumulative evidence suggests that coffee consumption may have beneficial effects on metabolic diseases; however	 few previous studies have considered the types of coffee consumed and the additives used. We investigated the relationship between coffee consumption and metabolic syndrome (MetSyn) and its components.																													
AB 1. Dispersal flight	 a well-known strategy for aphids to locate suitable plants	 was studied for its possible role in disseminating fungal pathogens and parasitoids as natural control agents of aphids by air captures in Hangzhou	 China during 2001-2005. Up to 3183 migratory alates of green peach aphid Myzus persicae were captured from air using a yellow-plus-plant trap on the top platform of a six-storey building in an urbanised area	 and individually reared in a laboratory for >= 7 days.																										
AB Background: Algae are widely recognized for their high oil content and for exponentially accumulating biomass with particular potential to provide single cell protein for human consumption or animal feed. It is believed that along with biodiesel from algae	 the high protein de-oiled algal residue may become an alternative feed supplement option in the future. This study was conducted to investigate de-oiled algal residue obtained from the common Chlorella species	 Thalassiosira weissflogii	 Selenarstrum capricornutum	 Scenedesmus sp.	 and Scenedesmus dimorphus for assessment as potential feed supplements for ruminants by comparing with soybean (Glycine max) meal and alfalfa (Medicago sativa) hay.																									
AB Every item produced	 transported	 used and discarded within a Supply Chain (SC) generates costs and creates an impact on the environment. The increase of forward flows as effects of market globalization and reverse flows due to legislation	 warranty	 recycling and disposal activities affect the ability of a modem SC to be economically and environmentally sustainable. In this context	 the study considers an innovative sustainable closed loop SC problem. It first introduces a linear programming model that aims to minimize the total SC costs. Environmental sustainability is guaranteed by the complete reprocessing of an end-of-life product	 the re-use of components	 the disposal of unusable parts sent directly from the manufacturers	 with a closed loop transportation system that maximizes transportation efficiency. Secondly	 the authors consider the problem by means of a parametrical study	 by analyzing the economical sustainability of the proposed CLSC model versus the classical Forward Supply Chain model (FWSC) from two perspectives: Case 1	 the 'traditional company perspective'	 where the SC ends at the customers	 and the disposal costs are not included in the SC	 and Case 2	 the 'social responsibility company perspective'	 where the disposal costs are considered within the SC. The relative impact of the different variables in the SC structure and the applicability of the proposed model	 in terms of total costs. SC structure and social responsibility	 are investigated thoroughly and the results are reported at the conclusion of the paper. (C) 2013 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.												
AB PurposeTo examine the prevalence of headache or migraine complaints and the use of dietary supplements	 and to determine their correlation according to sex.																													
AB Background																														
AB Vegetation is often considered to stabilize geomorphic processes. An increasing abundance of vegetation may cause negative feedbacks within a periglacial system. In this study	 we explored the importance of vegetation on the occurrence of active cryoturbation-dominated feature fields in subarctic Finland on a landscape scale. The vegetation-cryoturbation interaction was studied across three altitudinal zones by applying hierarchical partitioning (HP) and variation partitioning (VP) methods that overcome collinearity problems in multivariate analysis. Firstly	 our results showed that vegetation factors	 especially the canopy cover of the field-layer vegetation and the total above ground biomass	 were among the most important environmental variables affecting the occurrence of active cryoturbation features. Moreover	 vegetation factors were for the most part positively associated with cryoturbation. Under the predicted global warming	 the 'greening' of arctic and subarctic regions may	 therefore	 decrease and also increase the activity of the periglacial processes in sparsely vegetated terrain. Secondly	 our analyses gave contrasting results of the environmental factors of the periglacial processes across altitudinal zones	 although the relative importance of the vegetation group was rather constant throughout the zones. Thus	 we stress the importance of the spatial study setting in geomorphic studies in topographically varying relief. We recommend either taking the altitudinal zonation of the landscape into consideration or studying the features within a predetermined zone to decrease misinterpretations in environment-process relationships. Methodologically	 our results encourage wider applications of partitioning methods in multivariate settings in geomorphology. (C) 2009 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.																		
AB This paper focuses on the creation of a Centre for the recycling of stone materials. The Centre will be able to offer a range of activities amongst which is the improvement of the production chain of the Orosei Marble district in Sardinia	 Italy. Several companies operate within the marble producing area	 specializing in both quarrying and stone processing. They have formed a Consortium in order to rehabilitate an area of more than 17 ha. The restoration will be carried out through an environmentally sustainable procedure. The area was previously used as a landfill for waste deriving from marble quarrying and processing. At that time unshaped blocks of various sizes (which are unsuitable to block-cutter sawing)	 waste deriving from both block sawing and slab/strip cutting (such as broken slabs	 strips	 tiles) and microfine dust from filter presses of water treatment plants were representing an environmental problem. The local administration was struggling to find new areas which could be used for landfills	 resulting in an additional cost for the landfill	 ultimately affecting the variable production costs. The project involves the building of a venue to be used for temporary storage	 treatment of wastes produced by both quarrying and primary processing	 in order to make them suitable as secondary raw materials. The project also deals with the catch basin hydrology of the area involved in the project	 the building of a multifunctional centre	 the landscaping and other environmental features such as vehicle traffic and slopes greening. (C) 2013 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.																			
AB Associations between achievement of adult Kidney Disease Outcomes Quality Initiative (KDOQI) targets for hemoglobin	 adequacy and albumin	 and race and gender were determined for pediatric peritoneal dialysis patients from the End- Stage Renal Disease (ESRD) Clinical Performance Measures (CPM) project for the period October 2004 - March 2005. Fifty-six percent (427/761) of patients were male. Sixty- six percent (500/761) of patients were White. There were no differences in achievement of targets for adults by gender	 and no differences in adequacy parameters by race. Blacks had lower mean hemoglobin levels than did Whites (11.1 +/- 1.6 g/dl vs 11.8 +/- 1.4 g/dl	 P < 0.0001). Blacks were more likely to have mean hemoglobin levels < 10 g/dl (24% vs 11%	 P < 0.0001) and less likely to achieve mean hemoglobin > 11 g/dl (56% vs 72%	 P < 0.0001). Whites were more likely to achieve mean serum albumin levels > 4.0/ 3.7 g/dl [bromocresol green/bromocresol purple (BCG/BCP)] than Blacks were (35% vs 26%	 P= 0.0376). In multivariate logistic regression models	 White race was associated with mean hemoglobin levels > 11 g/dl [adjusted odds ratio (adjOR) 2.7	 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.7	 4.3] and mean serum albumin > 4.0/ 3.7 g/dl (BCG/ BCP) (adjOR 1.9	 95% CI 1.3	 2.9]. Further study is needed of factors associated with anemia on peritoneal dialysis and barriers to its correction.																		
AB OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the nutritional habits and weight management strategies of women trying to conceive as compared with women not trying to conceive.																														
AB Objective-To evaluate the effects of vegetable consumption and vitamin supplementation on the risk of developing transitional cell carcinoma (TCC) of the urinary bladder in Scottish Terriers.																														
AB Background: L-Dopa decarboxylase (DDC) is a pyridoxal 5-phosphate-dependent enzyme that was found to be involved in many malignancies. The aim of this study was to investigate the mRNA expression levels of DDC in prostate tissues and to evaluate its clinical utility in prostate cancer (CaP).																														
AB The unambiguous recognition of a species' habitat is a matter of debate. For terrestrial species	 habitat is often defined as physical patches of a certain vegetation type in a matrix of non-habitat. Ecological resources that make up the habitat of a species may	 however	 only cover subsets of vegetation types or can be spatially dispersed in a complex way over different vegetation types. Here we present and test a procedure to recognize and delineate habitat according to a resource-based approach instead of a vegetation-based approach. We used the green hairstreak butterfly (Callophrys rubi) in a heathland landscape as a study case. Our resource-based habitat approach selects those zones that comprise essential resources and conditions within an appropriate spatial window. Variables that were retained in a logistic regression model were used to calculate larval	 adult and combined habitat indices in a GIS	 taking into account thermal constraints on resource-use	 as this is a key habitat aspect for this heliothermous insect. To group different (and sometimes scattered) ecological resources into functional habitat zones	 we derived a measure of space-use from mark-release-recapture data. By least-cost modelling this spatial window was adapted to the nature of the vegetation between sets of resources. The habitat zones that were delineated using this approach matched the observed distribution of butterflies significantly better than did a classic approach based on vegetation types with host plants only Our approach provides concrete output for conservation purposes	 like recognizing zones with the highest potential for habitat restoration. (c) 2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.																						
AB Objective: To evaluate the associations with chronic disease risk and mortality of the consequences of bean-free diets in Taiwanese adults with regard to gender.																														
AB Objective: The purpose of our study was to examine the association of regular tea consumption with the risk of breast cancer in a large population-based case-control study from the United States.																														
AB Purpose - The purpose of this paper is to analyze the existence of differences in the implementation of environmental practices between companies that possess some form of certified environmental management system (ISO 14001 or EMS) and those that do not have any such system. This study also investigates whether companies with a certified EMS are also making additional environmental demands on their suppliers.																														
AB Using a binary logistic regression model	 this paper evaluates the determinants of farmers' decisions to adopt rainwater harvesting and supplementary irrigation technology (RHSIT) and its elasticity of adoption in the rain-fed farming systems	 based on a survey of 218 farmers in the semiarid areas of Loess Plateau in 2005. The results indicate that 12 variables are significant in explaining farmers' adoption decisions. Farmers' educational background	 active labor force size	 contact with extension	 participation in the Grain-for-Green project	 and positive attitudes towards RHSIT are some of the variables that have significantly positive effects on adoption of RHSIT	 while farmer's age and distance from water storage tanks to farmers' dwellings have significantly negative correlation with adoption. The probability of adoption also increases with increased targeting of institutional variables: credit obtained	 assistance obtained	 and technical training received. Farmers in villages that have more erosion problems are more likely to adopt RHSIT. Besides	 the model indicates that a 1 unit increase in the diversity of irrigated crops grown by a household	 especially high-value crops	 results in a 6.98 times increase in the probability of RHSIT adoption. Variables such as family size	 off-farm activity	 level of family income	 risk preference	 and land tenure do not significantly influence adoption. This information will help prioritize the factors that affect adoption decisions and provide insight on pathways to increase the adoption of RHSIT. (C) 2007 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.														
AB PURPOSE: To explore the association between the consumption of fruits and vegetables and the presence of glaucoma.																														
AB Purpose. To determine the association between youth sport team participation and dietary behaviors among elementary school aged children.																														
AB Background: Laboratory research suggests that tea has potential neurocognitive protective effects	 but this is not established in humans.																													
AB Background and Purpose-To determine whether a stratified gray-scale median (GSM) analysis of the carotid plaque combined with color mapping correlated better with the presence of neurological symptoms and microembolic signals (MES) than a whole plaque measurement.																														
AB Tea and coffee are hypothesized to play a protective role in skin carcinogenesis through bioactive components	 such as caffeine	 yet the epidemiologic evidence is mixed. Existing data support an inverse association with basal cell carcinoma (BCC)	 more so than for melanoma or squamous cell carcinoma. To understand whether tea	 coffee	 and caffeine are related to early-onset BCC	 we evaluated data from 767 non-Hispanic Whites under age 40 in a case-control study in Connecticut. BCC cases (n = 377) were identified through Yale's Dermatopathology database. Controls (n = 390) were randomly sampled from individuals in the same database with benign skin diagnoses and frequency matched to cases on age	 sex	 and biopsy site. Participants completed an in-person interview including assessment of caffeinated coffee and hot tea. We calculated multivariate odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) with unconditional logistic regression for regular consumption and frequency and duration measures. Combined regular consumption of caffeinated coffee plus hot tea was inversely associated with early-onset BCC (OR = 0.60	 95% CI = 0.38-0.96). Those in the highest category of caffeine from these sources had a 43% reduced risk of BCC compared with nonconsumers (OR = 0.57	 95% CI = 0.34-0.95	 P-trend= 0.037). Our findings suggest a modest protective effect for caffeinated coffee plus tea in relation to early-onset BCC that may	 in part	 be due to caffeine. This study adds to the growing body of literature suggesting potential health benefits from these beverages. (C) 2014 Wolters Kluwer Health vertical bar Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.																	
AB Postoperative ascites (POA) is a common complication after liver resection (LR). The aim of the present study was to identify the risk factors for developing POA and to evaluate its clinical significance in the prognosis of patients with hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC).																														
AB Background: Available Studies of the built environment and the BMI of children and Youth suggest a contemporaneous association with neighborhood greenness in neighborhoods with high population density. The Current study tests whether greenness and residential density are independently associated with 2-year changes in the BMI of children and youth.																														
AB There is epidemiological evidence for associations between dietary patterns and type 2 diabetes. However	 for sub-Saharan Africa	 information on dietary patterns and their contribution to diabetes is lacking. The aim of the present study was to identify dietary patterns and their associations with type 2 diabetes in an urban Ghanaian population. In a hospital-based case-control study on risk factors for type 2 diabetes in Kumasi	 a FFQ was administered to 675 controls and 542 cases. Dietary patterns were identified by using factor analysis including thirty-three food items. Logistic regression was used to evaluate the associations of dietary patterns with type 2 diabetes. Overall	 two dietary patterns were identified: (1) a 'purchase' dietary pattern which positively correlated with the consumption of sweets	 rice	 meat	 fruits and vegetables and (2) a 'traditional' dietary pattern that correlated with the intake of fruits	 plantain	 green leafy vegetables	 fish	 fermented maize products and palm oil. In the highest quintile of the 'purchase' dietary pattern	 participants were younger	 leaner and of higher socio-economic status than those in the lower quintiles. In contrast	 participants in the highest quintile of the 'traditional' dietary pattern were older	 heavier and more deprived compared with those in the lower quintiles. In the multivariate model	 the 'purchase' dietary pattern was inversely associated with type 2 diabetes (OR per 1 SD 0.41	 95% CI 0.33	 0.50); the 'traditional' dietary pattern increased the odds of diabetes per 1 SD by 54% (95% CI 1.35	 1.81). In conclusion	 two diverse dietary patterns were identified and associated with type 2 diabetes in urban Ghana. The determinants of pattern adherence require further investigation.										
AB Aim: To assess the level of adherence	 by active ingredient	 to treatment and associated factors in polymedicated patients over 65 years-old.																												
AB Protective effect of garlic on the development of cancer has been reported in the in vitro and in vivo experimental studies; however	 few human epidemiologic studies have evaluated the relationship. A population-based case-control study has been conducted in a Chinese population from 2003 to 2010	 with the aim to explore the association between raw garlic consumption and lung cancer. Epidemiologic data were collected by face-to-face interviews using a standard questionnaire among 1	424 lung cancer cases and 4	543 healthy controls. Unconditional logistic regression was used to estimate adjusted ORs and their 95% confidence intervals (CI)	 and to evaluate ratio of ORs (ROR) for multiplicative interactions between raw garlic consumption and other risk factors. After adjusting for potential confounding factors	 raw garlic consumption of 2 times or more per week is inversely associated with lung cancer (OR = 0.56; 95% CI	 0.44-0.72) with a monotonic dose-response relationship (P-trend < 0.001). Furthermore	 strong interactions at either additive and/or multiplicative scales were observed between raw garlic consumption and tobacco smoking [synergy index (SI) = 0.70; 95% CI	 0.57-0.85; and ROR = 0.78; 95% CI	 0.67-0.90]	 as well as high-temperature cooking oil fume (ROR = 0.77; 95% CI	 0.59-1.00). In conclusion	 protective association between intake of raw garlic and lung cancer has been observed with a dose-response pattern	 suggesting that garlic may potentially serve as a chemopreventive agent for lung cancer. Effective components in garlic in lung cancer chemoprevention warrant further in-depth investigation. (c) 2013 AACR.																
AB Purpose - This paper provides a structured literature review of sustainability in purchasing and supply management	 moving beyond the traditional environmental and social sustainability. The paper reviews the concept of sustainability at three levels of inter-organizational analysis - i.e. dyad	 supply chain and network. The paper distils the nature and scope of existing research and synthesizes measures used to research sustainability across organizational boundaries.																												
AB Roost trees used by female Indiana bats (Myotis sodalis)	 a federally endangered species	 and sympatric northern long-eared bats (Myotis septentrionalis) at two locations in southern Illinois greatly impacted by past flooding were located using radiotelemetry. For 30 Indiana bats	 we located 49 roosts in 7 species of trees. Green ash snags (Fraxinus pennsylvanica) and pin oak snags (Quercus palustris) were used more than expected and sweetgum snags (Liquidambar styraciflua) less than expected based on availability. Ten adult female northern long-eared bats were tracked to 19 different trees of 5 species. We used logistic regression to predict use of roost versus random trees for both species	 and to compare roosts of Indiana bats versus northern long-eared bats. Indiana bats typically roosted in areas of low vegetative obstruction (clutter) on the forest edge (chi(2) = 10.28	 d.f. = 2	 P = 0.006). Compared to random trees	 roosts of northern long-eared bats were within intact forests (chi(2) = 10.56	 d.f. = 1	 P = 0.001). Amount of obstruction and decay differed; roosts of M. sodalis typically were less cluttered and more decayed than those of M. septentrionalis (chi(2) = 38.63	 d.f. = 2	 P < 0.001). Indiana bats roosted almost exclusively under exfoliating bark of bottomland snags	 whereas northern long-eared bats also made extensive use of cavities and crevices. Indiana bats cannot be expected to remain in an area indefinitely if snag creation is not sustained	 and natural forest succession should be considered in long-term management of this endangered species. (c) 2005 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.																	
AB Information about the immediate and potentially prolonged impacts of salvage logging is needed to develop prescriptions that maintain forest productivity	 reduce the risk of catastrophic fires	 and conserve biological communities. Most salvage logging studies have investigated post-fire salvage	 often clearcutting	 and impacts documented in these studies may be more severe than selective logging prescriptions applied to forests affected by beetle outbreaks. We evaluated the effects of selective salvage logging on avian nest survival in beetle-killed lodgepole pine (Pinus contorta) forests on the Fremont and Winema National Forests	 south-central Oregon	 USA	 1997-1999. Using logistic-exposure models	 we found that nest survival for weak (period nest survival: 0.64; 95% CL: 0.50	 0.75) and strong (period nest survival: 0.71; 95% CL: 0.46	 0.87) cavity nesters was significantly higher than for ground nesters (period nest survival: 0.31; 95% CL: 0.18	 0.46)	 while nest survival for open cup nesting birds (period nest survival: 0.57: 95% CL: 0.47	 0.66) was intermediate. We did not find significant differences in nest survival for American robin (Turdus migratorius)	 chipping sparrow (Spizella passerine)	 dark-eyed junco (junco hyemalis)	 dusky flycatcher (Empidonax oberholseri)	 mountain chickadee (Poecile gambeli)	 or yellow-rumped warbler (Dendroica coronata) (these six species comprised similar to 80% of the sample). Our results suggest that	 unlike post-fire salvage logging	 selective harvesting prescriptions after beetle outbreaks may be suitable for meeting multiple management objectives	 including generating a flow of commodities and maintaining avian nest survival rates. (C) 2010 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.									
AB There is worldwide concern about the aquarium strain of the green alga Caulerpa taxifolia (Vahl) C. Agardh that was introduced to the Mediterranean Sea in 1984. Since that time	 it has flourished and now covers thousands of hectares of near-shore waters. More recently	 aquarium strains of C. taxifolia invaded southern California and Australian waters. Our goal was to evaluate potential invasion of C. taxifolia to Florida's coastal waters. We looked for evidence of C. taxifolia-aquarium strain	 as well as the present distribution of all species of Caulerpa	 in Florida's near-shore waters. We surveyed 24 areas in six zones along the Floridian coastline	 and evaluated the association of potential indicators for the presence of Caulerpa. Latitude	 presence of seagrass beds	 human population density	 and proximity to marinas were the four variables simultaneously considered. Caulerpa taxifolia-aquarium strain was not found at any of our survey locations. However	 14 species of Caulerpa were found at 31 of the 132 sites visited. Percent correct for our model was 61.5% for presence and 98.1% for absence. There was a positive correlation between Caulerpa spp. and seagrass beds and proximity to marinas. There was a negative correlation with latitude and human population density. The parameters in the logistic regression model assessing the association of Caulerpa occurrence with the measured variables were then used to predict current and future probabilities of Caulerpa spp. presence throughout the state. This prediction model will allow resource managers to focus their efforts in future surveys.																					
AB Objectives: To characterize dietary patterns of rural older adults and relate patterns to weight and nutritional status.																														
AB A three tiered assay system was devised for comparing isolates of Pandora neoaphidis against seven UK pest aphid species; Acyrthosiphon pisum	 Aphis fabae	 Brevicoryne brassicae	 Myzus persicae	 Metopolophium dirhodum	 Sitobion avenae	 and Rhopalosiphum padi. In Tier 1	 20 P. neoaphidis isolates were screened against all seven species	 and 16 fungal isolates gave moderate to high infections of 40-100%. A. pisum was most susceptible whereas R. padi was least susceptible to infection. In Tier 2	 isolates NW 314	 NW 316	 and NW 327 were used in concentration-response assays against A. pisum	 M. dirhodum	 and M. persicae. Probit analysis produced median lethal concentrations (LC50) of 8-105 conidia mm(-2) for A. pisum	 38-92 conidia mm(-2) for M. dirhodum and 105-626 mm(-2) for M. persicae. In Tier 3 bioassays	 LC50 values for the three isolates were tested as discrimatory concentrations against A. fabae	 B. brassicae	 R. padi	 S. avenae	 with M. persicae as the reference species. Logistic regression analysis indicated that B. brassicae and R. padi were less susceptible to infection than four other aphid species. The overall ranking of aphids to infection by P. neoaphidis was: A. pisum > A. fabae	 M. dirhodum	 M. persicae	 S. avenae > B. brassicae	 R. padi. The results suggest that P. neoaphidis can cross-infect aphid species which occur both in field crops and non-cropped areas	 such as field margins. This is an important feature for the development of conservation biological control strategies. (C) 2003 Elsevier Science (USA). All rights reserved.						
AB The National Resources Information (NRI) databases provide underutilized information on the local farm conditions that may predict microbial contamination of leafy greens at preharvest. Our objective was to identify NRI weather and landscape factors affecting spinach contamination with generic Escherichia coli individually and jointly with farm management and environmental factors. For each of the 955 georeferenced spinach samples (including 63 positive samples) collected between 2010 and 2012 on 12 farms in Colorado and Texas	 we extracted variables describing the local weather (ambient temperature	 precipitation	 and wind speed) and landscape (soil characteristics and proximity to roads and water bodies) from NRI databases. Variables describing farm management and environment were obtained from a survey of the enrolled farms. The variables were evaluated using a mixed-effect logistic regression model with random effects for farm and date. The model identified precipitation as a single NRI predictor of spinach contamination with generic E. coli	 indicating that the contamination probability increases with an increasing mean amount of rain (mm) in the past 29 days (odds ratio [OR] = 3.5). The model also identified the farm's hygiene practices as a protective factor (OR = 0.06) and manure application (OR = 52.2) and state (OR = 108.1) as risk factors. In cross-validation	 the model showed a solid predictive performance	 with an area under the receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve of 81%. Overall	 the findings highlighted the utility of NRI precipitation data in predicting contamination and demonstrated that farm management	 environment	 and weather factors should be considered jointly in development of good agricultural practices and measures to reduce produce contamination.																					
AB Time series measurements of fluctuations in underwater downward irradiance	 E-d	 within the green spectral band (532 nm) show that the probability distribution of instantaneous irradiance varies greatly as a function of depth within the near-surface ocean under sunny conditions. Because of intense light flashes caused by surface wave focusing	 the near-surface probability distributions are highly skewed to the right and are heavy tailed. The coefficients of skewness and excess kurtosis at depths smaller than 1 m can exceed 3 and 20	 respectively. We tested several probability models	 such as lognormal	 Gumbel	 Frechet	 log-logistic	 and Pareto	 which are potentially suited to describe the highly skewed heavy-tailed distributions. We found that the models cannot approximate with consistently good accuracy the high irradiance values within the right tail of the experimental distribution where the probability of these values is less than 10%. This portion of the distribution corresponds approximately to light flashes with E-d > 1.5 (E-d) over bar	 where (E-d) over bar is the time-averaged downward irradiance. However	 the remaining part of the probability distribution covering all irradiance values smaller than the 90th percentile can be described with a reasonable accuracy (i.e.	 within 20%) with a lognormal model for all 86 measurements from the top 10 m of the ocean included in this analysis. As the intensity of irradiance fluctuations decreases with depth	 the probability distribution tends toward a function symmetrical around the mean like the normal distribution. For the examined data set	 the skewness and excess kurtosis assumed values very close to zero at a depth of about 10 m.															
AB Purpose - The increasing focus on environmental sustainability and social responsibility within business agendas often leads to expectations that solutions lie in the downscaling	 decentralising and deconsolidating of supply chains and logistics systems. This is no more acute than within the climate change agenda	 the single biggest environmental challenge to industry today. The purpose of this paper is to challenge these notions and suggest that environmental burden actually decreases across increasing logistical scale and supply chain sophistication.																												
AB Objective: Magnesium level is known to decline during pregnancy. A suggested role for magnesium deficiency in conditions like pre-eclampsia and pre-term birth has prompted studies with conflicting evidence. The primary objective of this study was to determine the prevalence of hypomagnesemia in pregnancy	 while the secondary objectives attempted to define maternal and fetal outcome due to hypomagnesemia. Subjects and Methods: A pilot study was performed to determine the mean serum magnesium level for the population of female patients attending the University of Benin Teaching Hospital. The result of the pregnant population in the pilot study was used as a reference for hypomagnesemia in this study. Thereafter	 a prospective cohort study of antenatal women recruited in the second trimester and followed-up till delivery and 1 week post-partum was done. Serum magnesium estimates were done with samples collected at recruitment and delivery. The magnesium levels determined at recruitment were used to divide the subjects into two groups of hypomagnesemic and normomagnesemic patients. Their sociodemographic and clinical characteristics were used to generate a database for analysis. Results: The prevalence of magnesium deficiency was 16.25%. Hypomagnesemia was significantly correlated with the occurrence of pre-eclampsia ( P = 0.011)	 leg cramps ( P = 0.000) and pre-term birth ( P = 0.030). A logistic regression analysis showed that hypomagnesemia had an Odds ratio of 22 for pre-eclampsia. There was no maternal mortality or early neonatal death. Conclusion: Pre-eclampsia and pre-term birth are associated with hypomagnesemia in pregnancy; hence	 magnesium supplementation or magnesium-rich diet consisting of green leafy vegetables	 soy milk and legumes may improve outcome.																									
AB Mass populations of toxin-producing cyanobacteria are an increasingly common occurrence in inland and coastal waters used for recreational purposes. These mass populations pose serious risks to human and animal health and impose potentially significant economic costs on society. In this study	 we used contingent valuation (CV) methods to elicit public willingness to pay (WTP) for reductions in the morbidity risks posed by blooms of toxin-producing cyanobacteria in Loch Leven	 Scotland. We found that 55% of respondents (68% excluding protest voters) were willing to pay for a reduction in the number of days per year (from 90	 to either 45 or 0 days) that cyanobacteria pose a risk to human health at Loch Leven. The mean WTP for a risk reduction was UK 9.99-12.23 pound/household/year estimated using a logistic spike model. In addition	 using the spike model and a simultaneous equations model to control for endogeneity bias	 we found the respondents' WTP was strongly dependent on socio-demographic characteristics	 economic status and usage of the waterbody	 but also individual-specific attitudes and perceptions towards health risks. This study demonstrates that anticipated health risk reductions are an important nonmarket benefit of improving water quality in recreational waters and should be accounted for in future cost-benefit analyses such as those being undertaken under the auspices of the European Union's Water Framework Directive	 but also that such values depend on subjective perceptions of water-related health risks and general attitudes towards the environment. (C) 2012 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.																						
AB Objective: To examine various sociodemographic aspects related to consumption of micronutrient-rich foods like green leafy vegetables (GLV)	 which will be helpful in modifying dietary habits	 a strategy that merits consideration for prevention of anaemia.																												
AB Objectives: We evaluated the association of nutrient intake with Fe deficiency with regard to lifestyle factors and health condition in Young Japanese women. Uniquely among developed Countries	 dietary habits render Japanese populations vulnerable to Fe deficiency	 owing to their relatively low intake of Fe and high intake of Fe absorption inhibitors	 such as green tea and soyabeans.																											
AB Aim: The aim of this study was to determine the folate status of pregnant women and how it is affected by dietary folate	 use of folate supplements	 and lifestyle factors (smoking and drinking habits).																												
AB BACKGROUND AND METHODS: We estimated the prevalence of self-reported asthma in adult Indians and examined several risk factors influencing disease prevalence. Analysis is based on 99 574 women and 56 742 men aged 20-49 years included in India's third National Family Health Survey	 2005-2006. Multiple logistic regression analysis was used to estimate the prevalence odds ratios for asthma	 adjusting for various risk factors.																												
AB The replacement of fossil fuels with forest biomass should help mitigate Green House Gas (GHG) emissions. However the supply of energy wood is challenging because of high supply costs and rapidly increasing demand. Given	 the heterogeneous structure of landownership	 contractors and energy producers in Mid-Europe	 supply network optimization is of major importance.																											
AB Seed storage proteins (SSPs) have been studied for more than 250 years because of their nutritional value and their impact on the use of grain in food processing. More recently	 the use of seeds for the production of recombinant proteins has rekindled interest in the behavior of SSPs and the question how they are able to accumulate as stable storage reserves. Seed cells produce vast amounts of SSPs with different subcellular destinations creating an enormous logistic challenge for the endomembrane system. Seed cells contain several different storage organelles including the complex and dynamic protein storage vacuoles (PSVs) and other protein bodies (PBs) derived from the endoplasmic reticulum (ER). Storage proteins destined for the PSV may pass through or bypass the Golgi	 using different vesicles that follow different routes through the cell. In addition	 trafficking may depend on the plant species	 tissue and developmental stage	 showing that the endomembrane system is capable of massive reorganization. Some SSPs contain sorting signals or interact with membranes or with other proteins en route in order to reach their destination. The ability of SSPs to form aggregates is particularly important in the formation or ER-derived PBs	 a mechanism that occurs naturally in response to over-loading with proteins that cannot be transported and that can be used to induce artificial storage bodies in vegetative tissues. In this review	 we summarize recent findings that provide insight into the formation	 function	 and fate of storage organelles and describe tools that can be used to study them.																					
AB Oxidative damage caused by reactive oxygen species and other free radicals is involved in carcinogenesis. it has been suggested that high vegetable and fruit intake may reduce the risk of non-Hodgkin lymphoma (NHL) as vegetables and fruit are rich in antioxidants. The aim of this study is to evaluate the interaction of vegetable and fruit intake with genetic polymorphisms in oxidative stress pathway genes and NHL risk. This hypothesis was investigated in a population-based case-control study of NHL and NHL histologic subtypes in women from Connecticut	 including 513 histologically confirmed incident cases and 591 randomly selected controls. Gene-vegetable/fruit joint effects were estimated using unconditional logistic regression model. The false discovery rate method was applied to adjust for multiple comparisons. Significant interactions with vegetable and fruit intake were mainly found for genetic polymorphisms on nitric oxide synthase (NOS) genes among those with diffuse large B-cell lymphoma and follicular lymphoma. Two single nucleotide polymorphisms in the NOS1 gene were found to significantly modify the association between total vegetable and fruit intake and risk of NHL overall	 as well as the risk of follicular lymphoma. When vegetables	 bean vegetables	 cruciferous vegetables	 green leafy vegetables	 red vegetables	 yellow/orange vegetables	 fruit	 and citrus fruits were examined separately	 strong interaction effects were narrowed to vegetable intake among patients with diffuse large B-cell lymphoma. Our results suggest that genetic polymorphisms in oxidative stress pathway genes	 especially in the NOS genes	 modify the association between vegetable and fruit intake and risk of NHL. (Cancer Epidemiol Biomarkers Prev 2009;18(5):1429-38)																		
AB Tolerance of Pichia anomala	 a strain of yeast associated with olive fermentation	 to salt	 temperature	 and pH was studied in yeast-malt-peptone-glucose medium using a nonfactorial central composite experimental design with three repetitions in the center to account for pure error. Modified Gompertz	 logistic	 Richards-Stannard	 and Baranyi-Roberts models were used to determine maximum specific growth rate (mu(max)) and lag phase period (lambda) from the growth curves (primary models). All models produced a good fit (significant at P < 0.05)	 but the graphical and statistical analyses of the data indicated that the modified Gompertz and Richards-Stannard models were the most appropriate. The biological parameters obtained with the diverse models were fitted to a response surface secondary model. A significant decrease in mu(max) was observed as temperature decreased and salt increased. A significant increase in lambda was observed as temperature (linear and quadratic effects) and pH decreased and as salt content increased. Effects of interactions were complex and depended on models. Validation revealed acceptable errors and bias in mu(max) and lambda values obtained in independent experiments. Validation growth curves were best reproduced by using the values of mu(max) and lambda predicted by the response surface from the modified Gompertz and Richards-Stannard models. Results from this study can be applied to table olive fermentation or storage and for production of table olives as refrigerated commercial products without the use of preservatives or pasteurization.																						
AB Background: Metabolic syndrome has become a major public health concern	 but the role of diet in the etiology of this syndrome is not well understood. This study investigated the association between major dietary patterns and prevalence of metabolic syndrome in a Japanese working population.																													
AB Aim: The aim of this study was to evaluate the prevalence and predictive factors of diabetes in hepatitis virus positive liver cirrhotic patients with fasting plasma glucose (FPG) level of <126 mg/dL. Methods: A total of 263 patients with hepatitis C virus (HCV) or hepatitis B virus (HBV) positive liver cirrhosis	 FPG level of <126 mg/dL	 and had diabetes status evaluated by the use of 75-g oral glucose tolerance test (OGTT)	 were enrolled in this study. Plasma glucose and insulin levels were analyzed periodically for 3 h after oral glucose loading. Diabetes was defined as a 2-h post-load glucose on the OGTT of =200 mg/dL. The prevalence of diabetes by use of OGTT and predictive factors for diabetes were evaluated by the use of the MannWhitney U-test	 Fisher's exact probability test or multivariate analysis by logistic regression. Hypoalbuminemia was defined as serum albumin level of <3.9 g/dL. Elevated indocyanine green retention rate at 15 min (ICG R15) was regarded as = 25%. Results: Out of 263 patients	 44 (16.7%) were diagnosed as having diabetes. Multivariate analysis showed that diabetes occurred when patients had hypoalbuminemia of <3.9 g/dL (odds ratio [OR] 2.33; 95% confidential interval [CI] = 1.045.24; P = 0.040) and ICG R15 of <25% (OR 2.36; 95%CI = 1.015.58). Conclusions: Hypoalbuminemia and elevated ICG R15 in hepatitis virus related cirrhotic patients with FPG level of <126 mg/day enhance diabetes pattern after OGTT with significant difference.																									
AB Phenology is a key component of monitoring terrestrial ecosystem variations in response to global climate change. Satellite-measured land surface phenology (LSP) has been widely used to assess large scale phenological patterns and processes. However	 the accuracy of LSP is rarely validated with spatially compatible field data due to the significant spatiotemporal scale mismatch. In this study	 we employ intensive field observations specifically designed to address this deficiency. High density/frequency spring phenological observations were collected in a mixed seasonal forest during 2008 and 2009. A landscape up-scaling approach was used to derive landscape phenology (LP) indices from plot-level observations in order to validate Moderate-resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer (MODIS) based LSP. Results show that the MODIS Enhanced Vegetation Index (EVI) derived start of spring season (SOS) measure was able to predict LP full bud burst date with absolute errors less than two days. In addition	 LSP derived SOS captured inter-annual variations and spatial differences that agreed with ground observations. Comparison of complete time series of LP and LSP revealed that fundamental differences exist between the two observation means	 e.g.	 LP development had increased influence on LSP during the course of spring onset. Therefore	 inferring continuous LP processes directly from LSP measures could be problematic. However	 using LSP derived from techniques such as logistic curve modeling for extracting seasonal markers appears more promising. This study contributes to a more explicit understanding of the linkages between remotely sensed phenology and traditionally observed (ground-based) phenology. (C) 2010 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.																							
AB Environmental problems are increasingly becoming everyday issues of international organizations	 national governments	 and individual consumers. In consumer behavior research considerable effort has been focused on understanding environmentally significant behaviors. One such research stream uses the value-belief-norm theory (VBN) to explain and predict a number of relatively low involvement proenvironmental consumer behaviors such as household energy use. However	 many consumer behaviors with significant impact on the environment are categorized as high involvement behaviors where VBN theory has not yet been employed. The aim of this paper is to arrive at a better understanding of consumer adoption of a high involvement eco-innovation using VBN theory. As an example of a high involvement eco-innovation the alternative fuel vehicle (AFV) which runs on fossil oil-alternative fuels such as electricity and biofuels is used. A representative sample of adopters and non-adopters of these vehicles in Sweden were surveyed. Differences between adopters and non-adopters on sociodemographic and VBN factors were analyzed and the explanatory ability of the different factors on adoption was analyzed using logistic regression. The results showed that early adopters had a higher level of education and were much more likely to live in multi-person households compared to non-adopters. In terms of attitudinal factors	 adopters exhibited higher levels of proenvironmental values	 beliefs	 and personal norms (PNs). Furthermore the results established that VBN factors were successful in explaining the early adoption of a high involvement eco-innovation such as the AFV. The implications for consumer research	 public policymakers	 and for marketers of eco-innovations are discussed. Copyright (C) 2011 John Wiley & Sons	 Ltd.																					
AB Precision agriculture technologies offer potential economic and environmental benefits From site-specific management of nitrogen (N) fertilizer and animal manure sources for corn (Zen mays L.). However	 lack of knowledge and reliable methodology for developing and evaluating site-specific N fertilizer recommendations are the major obstacles for realizing these potential benefits. The objective of this study was to evaluate corn N status at the field scale and across many fields using late-season digital aerial imagery and the end-of-season corn stalk nitrate test in large-scale on-farm evaluation studies. About 30 groups of farmers	 lead by agronomists and crop consultants	 were formed across Iowa to evaluate different N management practices. Late-season color digital aerial imagery and digital soil	 maps were used to guide the collection of the corn stalk nitrate test samples within 683 cornfields in 2006	 824 fields in 2007	 and 828 fields in 2008. Four areas-one from each of the three predominant soil types and one within a target-deficient area-were sampled in each field. Multilevel binary logistic regressions were used to quantify the relationship between green reflectance of the corn canopy and corn N status	 expressed as deficient and sufficient (a combination of marginal	 optimal	 and excessive categories of the corn stalk nitrate test)	 within and across the fields. Percentages of areas within fields with deficient and sufficient N status were estimated using distributions of pixel counts of green reflectance of the corn canopy. Multiple regression analysis was used to identify factors affecting percentage-deficient area within the fields. Results showed that N management category (a combination of N form and timing of application) and early season rainfall (May	 June	 or cumulative from March through June) had the largest effects on percentage-deficient area. Fields with liquid swine manure applied in the fall or urea-ammonium nitrate solution applied in the spring (before planting) or urea-ammonium nitrate solution applied at sidedress had larger areas of N deficiency than fields with anhydrous ammonia applied in the spring. Larger early season rainfalls also increased percentage-deficient area during each year. The results of large-scale evaluations can be used to develop more accurate site-specific N recommendations based on knowledge of differences between management practices and effects of soil properties and rainfall on N status within fields. Future evaluations can identify areas that persistently have excessive N status and quantify potential N fertilizer reductions within those areas or fields.																		
AB PURPOSE: To explore the association between consumption of fruits and vegetables and the presence of glaucoma in older African-American women.																														
AB Since last decade of twentieth century	 the change in cane harvesting method from manual harvesting of burned cane to mechanical harvesting of green cane brought the real possibility of sugarcane-trash energy use. The sugarcane-trash	 also called Sugarcane Agricultural Residues (SCAR) represents 1/3 of total sugarcane energy content. Despite SCAR is considered today the main unexplored energy reserve in the sugarcane agro-industry a negligible part of this residues is used. Starting from the analysis of the current situation and environmental aspects described in Part1 of the present work (Alonso Pippo et al. in Waste Biomass Valoriz 1)	 an assessment on socioeconomic aspects of SCAR and energy use was carried out. The impact of sugarcane mechanized harvesting on employment was described. The food versus biofuels production from crops was analyzed. SCAR characteristic in face 2nd generation biofuels requirements was treated. The social aspects related to land use were evaluated. A Linear Programming model for profitability maximization was used in order to estimate economical benefits derived from SCAR energy use. The model solution showed that among the variables should be considered in order to maximize profitability special attention deserves: sugarcane production and SCAR transportation cost. It seems to be that sugarcane mechanized harvesting combined with train transport are among the best infrastructure conditions to maximize the profit. When it is delivered to sugar-mill by train SCAR cost can be up to five times cheaper than when it is delivered using articulated lorries. Assuming SCAR energy use for electricity cogeneration as main priority	 it was calculated the optimal size for sugarcane factory from techno-economic point of view. An added value/added cost analysis on SCAR energy use at a medium size factory was carried out.																										
AB Images of three qualities of pre-sliced pork and Turkey hams were evaluated for colour and textural features to characterize and classify them	 and to model the ham appearance grading and preference responses of a group of consumers. A total of 26 colour features and 40 textural features were extracted for analysis. Using Mahalanobis distance and feature inter-correlation analyses	 two best colour [mean of S (saturation in HSV colour space)	 std. deviation of W	 which indicates blue to yellow in L*a*b* colour space] and three textural features [entropy of b*	 contrast of H (hue of HSV colour space)	 entropy of R (red of RGB colour space)] for pork	 and three colour (mean of R. mean of H	 std. deviation of a*	 which indicates green to red in L*a*b* colour space) and two textural features [contrast of B	 contrast of L* (luminance or lightness in L*a*b* colour space)l for Turkey hams were selected as features with the highest discriminant power. High classification performances were reached for both types of hams (>99.5% for pork and >90.5% for Turkey) using the best selected features or combinations of them. In spite of the poor/fair agreement among ham consumers as determined by Kappa analysis (Kappa-value < 0.4) for sensory grading (surface colour	 colour uniformity	 bitonality	 texture appearance and acceptability). a dichotomous logistic regression model using the best image features was able to explain the variability of consumers' responses for all sensorial attributes with accuracies higher than 74.1% for pork hams and 83.3% for Turkey hams. (C) 2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.																	
AB Although coffee consumption has been associated with reduced frequency of liver disease	 it is unclear whether the effect is from coffee or caffeine and whether there is an effect on hepatic fibrosis specifically. This study was undertaken to use a food-frequency instrument for dietary caffeine consumption to evaluate the relationship between caffeine intake and liver fibrosis. Patients undergoing liver biopsy completed a detailed caffeine questionnaire on three occasions over a 6-month period. Caffeine intake was compared between patients with mild and advanced liver fibrosis (bridging fibrosis/cirrhosis). Logistic regression was used to evaluate the association between caffeine consumption and hepatic fibrosis. One hundred seventy-seven patients (99 male	 104 white	 121 with chronic hepatitis C virus [HCV] infection) undergoing liver biopsy completed the caffeine questionnaire on up to three occasions. Results from repeated questionnaires were consistent. Daily caffeine consumption above the 75(th) percentile for the cohort (308 mg = approximately 2.25 cups of coffee equivalents) was associated with reduced liver fibrosis (odds ratio [OR]	 0.33; 95% confidence interval [CI]	 0.14-0.80; P = 0.015) and the protective association persisted after controlling for age	 sex	 race	 liver disease	 body mass index	 and alcohol intake in all patients (OR	 0.25; 95% CI	 0.09-0.67; P = 0.006)	 as well as the subset with HCV infection (OR	 0.19; 95% CI	 0.05-0.66; P = 0.009). Despite a modest trend	 consumption of caffeine from sources other than coffee or of decaffeinated coffee was not associated with reduced liver fibrosis. A reliable tool for measurement of caffeine consumption demonstrated that caffeine consumption	 particularly from regular coffee	 above a threshold of approximately 2 coffee-cup equivalents per day	 was associated with less severe hepatic fibrosis. (HEPATOLOGY 2010;51:201-209.)											
AB Objectives: To evaluate the effects of gargling tea catechin extracts on the prevention of influenza infection in elderly nursing home residents.																														
AB Background: Results of studies of fluid consumption and its association with bladder cancer have been inconsistent. Few studies have considered modification effects from genetic variants that may interact with the type of consumed fluids. UDP-glucuronosyltransferases (UGTs)	 which are membrane-bound conjugating enzymes	 catalyse the transformation of hydrophobic substrates to more water-soluble glucuronides to facilitate renal or biliary excretion. Whether genetic variants in UGTs could modulate the association between fluid intake and bladder cancer has not been studied.																												
AB This study aimed to classify transplantable recurrent hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) after resection into subgroups according to the pattern of progression and to identify risk factors for each subgroup to select optimal candidates for salvage liver transplantation (LT).																														
AB Objective: The objective of this study was to determine the relationship between serum albumin and the Subjective Global Assessment (SGA) in a sample of obese hemodialysis (HD) patients.																														
AB Purpose - The purpose of this paper is to introduce a methodology to identify sustainable supply chain key performance indicators (KPI) that can then be used for sustainability performance evaluation for suppliers.																														
AB Among the recommended measures for citrus Huanglongbing (HLB) management	 the systematic elimination of symptomatic trees is the most argued and difficult to be accepted and accomplished by citrus growers. Elimination of recently affected HLB trees represents a short term yield loss and cost increase due to the need of frequent inspections and removal operations. This work aimed to evaluate the effect of different frequencies of inoculum reduction applied at individual citrus blocks scale (or local inoculum reduction) on HLB temporal progress. Eight experiments were carried out in new planted and older citrus blocks with 504-1290 trees/plot. In all experiments	 inspections to detect symptomatic trees were done in a fortnightly or monthly frequency. The treatments of frequencies of local inoculum reduction varied from fortnightly to 6 months. Annual disease progress rate was estimated by logistic model for each plot. No difference on HLB progress rates among treatments was observed	 except in experiments 1 and 3 where less frequent tree removal resulted in higher disease progress rate. This ineffectiveness of local inoculum reduction on the disease progress rate was explained by the higher weight of primary spread on HLB epidemics than the secondary spread within plots associated with small size and narrow shape of treated plots (except for experiments 1 and 3)	 high dispersal capacity of HLB-insect vector among plots and groves	 and strong control of psyllid within the plots (except for experiment 1	 with poor insecticide spray program). Also	 the high amount of inspections to detect symptomatic trees before the eradication treatment	 which reduced the escapes (asymptomatic and non visual detectable diseased trees) contributed for these results. It is important to note that these results were obtained with only small citrus plots (0.8-2.9 ha) and they cannot be extended to larger groves and farms amenable to HLB management by the symptomatic tree removal and vector control. (C) 2013 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.																						
AB Surface wave tomography for Australian crustal structure has been carried out using group velocity measurements in the period range 1-32 s extracted from stacked correlations of ambient noise between station pairs. Both Rayleigh wave and Love wave group velocity maps are constructed for each period using the vertical and transverse component of the Green's function estimates from the ambient noise. The full suite of portable broadband deployments and permanent stations on the continent have been used with over 250 stations in all and up to 7500 paths. The permanent stations provide a useful link between the various shorter-term portable deployments. At each period the group velocity maps are constructed with a fully nonlinear tomographic inversion exploiting a subspace technique and the Fast Marching Method for wavefront tracking. For Rayleigh waves the continental coverage is good enough to allow the construction of a 3D shear wavespeed model in a two stage approach. Local group dispersion information is collated for a distribution of points across the continent and inverted for a 1D SV wavespeed profile using a Neighbourhood Algorithm method. The resulting set of 1D models are then interpolated to produce the final 3D wavespeed model. The group velocity maps show the strong influence of thick sediments at shorter periods	 and distinct fast zones associated with cratonic regions. Below the sediments the 3D shear wavespeed model displays significant heterogeneity with only moderate correlation with surface tectonic features. For example	 there is no evident expression of the Tasman Line marking the eastern edge of Precambrian outcrop. The large number of available inter-station paths extracted from the ambient noise analysis provide detailed shear wavespeed information for crustal structure across the Australian continent for the first time	 including regions where there was no prior sampling because of difficult logistics.																											
AB PURPOSE. To clarify whether complement factor H (CFH) and age-related maculopathy susceptibility 2 (ARMS2) genotypes are associated with subtypes of polypoidal choroidal vasculopathy (PCV)	 such as polypoidal choroidal neovascularization (CNV) and typical PCV.																													
AB Because wood specific gravity (SG)	 also known as relative or basic density	 is correlated with many physical and mechanical properties it is a widely used indicator of wood quality. Furthermore	 because SG measures dry weight per unit green volume and dry wood contains about 49% carbon and 20 MJ/kg energy	 SG is useful for converting tree volume to carbon and energy content equivalents. Although many studies have investigated variables affecting SG	 few have developed models to predict SG at the local level from age	 silvicultural treatment	 and growing environment variables. This study developed a four-parameter logistic model with mixed effects to predict the specific gravity of annual growth rings (RSG) from forty six 76-year-old Douglas-fir (Pseudotsuga menziesii	 Mirb. Franco) trees sampled from a thinning and biosolids fertilization experiment on a drought-prone site in Western Washington. RSG for up to sixty rings per tree was measured with X-ray densitometry on strips taken from disks removed from the top of the first 5 m log. Inter-annual RSG was modeled using treatment variables; local temperature	 precipitation	 and soil moisture deficit as growing environment variables; and ring number	 area	 width	 and radius to the ring as tree variables. Ring age	 ring area	 March to May mean temperature	 July soil moisture deficit	 and whether or not biosolids had been applied were important predictors of RSG on this site. The equation for RSG can be easily converted to carbon or energy content equations by multiplying by the dry wood carbon and energy content factors. (C) 2009 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.													
AB Background: Posthepatectomy complications have markedly decreased with advances in techniques and management; however	 surgical risk to patients with injured livers is still not negligible. We evaluated several preoperative parameters of functional liver reserve tests in patients with various liver diseases as predictors of posthepatectomy complications. A comprehensive evaluation of preoperative liver functions is necessary for the prediction of the risk of posthepatectomy complications.																													
AB Objective: To determine whether an association exists between different clusters of fruit-and vegetable-specific family-environmental factors and children's daily fruit and vegetable intake	 and whether these associations differ between countries with different school lunch policies.																													
AB To investigate indoor particulate matter (PM) level and various indoor air pollution exposure	 and to examine their relationships with risk of lung cancer in an urban Chinese population	 with a focus on non-smoking women.																												
AB Human kallikrein-related peptidase 14 gene (KLK14) is regulated by androgens and progestins. This gene is expressed in the central nervous system and endocrine tissues such as the breast	 prostate and ovary. The differential KLK14 mRNA expression levels are related to several human neoplasias	 among them breast cancer. The aim of this study was to analyse the KLK14 expression in breast tissues and to investigate its differential diagnostic and prognostic value in the mammary carcinomas. For this purpose	 we isolated total RNA from 70 malignant and 33 benign specimens. After testing RNA quality	 we synthesised cDNA by reverse transcription and applied a highly sensitive quantitative real-time PCR (qRT-PCR) method for KLK14 mRNA quantification using the SYBR Green (R) chemistry. HPRT1 was used as a reference gene and the BT20 breast cancer cell line as a calibrator. Relative quantification analysis was performed using the comparative C-T method 2(-Delta Delta CT).KLK14 expression was detected in both types of breast tumours. However	 a statistically significant increase of the KLK14 mRNA level was observed in the malignant	 compared to the benign tumour samples (p<0.001)	 highlighting its value in discriminating these breast lesions. Elevated KLK14 expression profiles were associated with higher tumour grade (p=0.043) and size (p=0.007) in cancerous samples. Furthermore	 KLK14 mRNA expression showed negative correlation in a statistically significant manner with estrogen receptor status (p=0.024). In accordance with logistic regression models (p=0.012) and receiver-operating-characteristics analysis (p<0.001)	 KLK14 gene expression could be evaluated as a putative independent diagnostic biomarker in breast tumour biopsies.																					
AB Would you send a half-empty truck across Europe or pay to airfreight coats to Japan twice a week? Would you move unsold items out of your shop after only two weeks? Would you run your factories just during the day shift? Is this any way to run an efficient supply chain?																														
AB The potential role of coffee as a hepatoprotective substance for chronic liver diseases has been widely discussed. Our main aim was to evaluate the effect of coffee intake regarding clinical	 biochemical tests and liver biopsy data in treatment naive patients with chronic hepatitis C. One hundred and thirty-six patients with chronic hepatitis C	 diagnosed through liver biopsy	 or by means of clinical	 ultrasound or endoscopic signs of cirrhosis	 were assessed by determination of biochemical tests	 metabolic and morphological alterations. Food frequency was scrutinized by using a structured questionnaire. Coffee intake represented more than 90% of the total daily caffeine	 and the 75th percentile was 4-Brazilian coffee-cup/day (>= 255 mL/day or >= 123 mg caffeine/day). According to caffeine intake	 patients were divided into two groups (< or >= 123 mg caffeine/day). Patients with higher ingestion of caffeine had lower serum levels of aspartate aminotransferase (x upper limit of normal) (1.8 +/- 1.5 vs 2.3 +/- 1.5	 p = 0.04)	 lower frequencies of advanced (F3	 F4) fibrosis (23.5% vs 54.5%	 p < 0.001) and of histological activity grade (A3	 A4) observed in liver biopsies (13.8% vs 36.9%	 p < 0.001). By multivariate logistic regression	 fibrosis was independently associated with caffeine intake (OR-0.16; 95%CI - 0.03-0.80; p = 0.026)	 gamma-glutamil transferase serum levels and morphological activity. But only fibrosis was associated with histological activity. In conclusion caffeine consumption greater than 123 mg/day was associated with reduced hepatic fibrosis. In addition	 this study supports the assumption that coffee intake has hepatoprotective benefits for Brazilian patients with chronic hepatitis C	 even in lower doses than that of American and European population intake. (C) 2013 Published by Elsevier Editora Ltda.												
AB Hedonic ratings and individual definitions of an ideal apple were used to explain repeated choices during one-week experiment. Participants (77 women	 31men	 mean age 45	 range 19-65) rated the importance of six sensory attributes (red	 green	 sweet	 sour	 firm	 crispy) in apples. Based on ratings	 three clusters (CL) were identified: CL1 preferred sweet and soft; CL2 sour and firm; and CL3 medium sour and medium sweet apples. Liking of four cultivars with distinct sensory properties was measured three times (Monday-Wednesday-Friday) using a 7-point scale (like not at all - like very much). Following each tasting	 three fruits from one cultivar were chosen to take home. Liking and choice reflected CL to some extent. Logistic regression models showed that both the liking of the cultivar chosen and disliking the nonchosen alternatives affected the choice. Liking rated just before a choice was a better predictor than the first (initial) liking. Furthermore	 CL and hedonic flexibility (the largest difference between the liking scores of the cultivars selected) significantly predicted some choices. Hence	 along with liking a product	 disliking other options	 inclination to also accept less preferred alternatives	 and individual preference for certain qualities in apples play a role in the choice.															
AB Studies have demonstrated that catechin	 an antioxidant found in tea	 can reduce the bioavailability of folate. Because periconceptional folic acid intake has been demonstrated to reduce the risk of spina bifida	 tea consumption may put pregnant women at risk because of its possible antifolate properties. Using data collected in the Slone Epidemiology Center Birth Defects Study	 we examined whether tea consumption during early pregnancy was associated with an increased risk of spina bifida. Mothers of 518 spina bifida cases and 6424 controls were interviewed within 6 months after delivery about pregnancy events and exposures. Data on tea intake were collected during three periods (1976-1988	 1998-2005 and 2009-2010). Logistic regression models were used to calculate odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs)	 adjusted for study center. Intake of both periconceptional food folate and diet and supplemental folic acid were examined as a potential effect modifier. For 1976 to 1988	 ORs were not elevated for daily tea intake. For 1998 and onward	 ORs were also close to 1.0	 but there was a modest increase for those who drank more than 3 cups/day (OR	 1.92; 95% CI	 0.84-4.38). Among women with total folic acid intake greater than 400 mu g	 consumption of 3 cups or more of tea per day was associated with an increased risk of spina bifida in 1976 to 1988 (OR	 2.04; 95% CI	 0.697.66) and in the later periods (OR	 3.13; 95% CI	 0.8711.33). Our data do not support an overall association between tea consumption and spina bifida	 but there is a suggestion of a possible interaction between higher levels of folic acid intake and tea consumption. Birth Defects Research (Part A) 2012. (C) 2012 Wiley Periodicals	 Inc.												
AB Postnatal growth patterns in eight species of herons and egrets (Ciconiiformes: Ardeidae). Avian postnatal growth has received considerable attention and its ecological implications have been deeply analyzed. In this current paper. I describe the patterns of culmen and tarsus growth	 as well as of weight gain patterns in eight species of herons and egrets (Ayes: Ardeidae) found in the Birama Swamp in Eastern Cuba. Between 1998 and 2006	714 nestlings of the following species were measured every two days: Butorides virescens	 Bubulcus ibis	 Egretta thula	 E. tricolor	 E. caerulea	 E. rufescens	 Ardea alba and Nycticorax nycticorax. Logistic and Gompertz equations were adjusted to data using non-lineal regression models with adult values as the asymptote. For each species	 the following were determined and recorded: growth rate	 age at inflexion	 instantaneous growth rates at each age interval	 and time taken to reach 90% of adult size. Reported hatchling sizes were similar in other localities	 with a variation coefficient ranging between 10-19%. At hatch	 each species exhibited differing sizes relative to adult values. In all cases	 Gompertz equations were best fitted to explain more variance and lesser residuals. Rates of weight change and tarsus growth were alometrically related to the log of adult weight. Two main growth processes were identified: a physical extension in dimensions of each measurement reflecting inter-specific morphometric differences	 and a lineal increase of the growth period from Green Heron to Great Egret. The Black-crowned Night Heron	 Cattle Egret and Reddish Egret exhibited some unique measurement characteristics in comparison to the remaining members of the family. All results support the hypothesis that hypermorphosis	 as the main evolutionary process in the microevolution of Ardeidae	 is caused by a delayed final moment of growth. Rev. Biol. Trop. 59(2): 771-787. Epub 2011 June 01.											
AB Background: Pancreatic cancer is the sixth leading cause of cancer death with an increasing trend in China. Dietary intake is believed to play an important role in pancreatic cancer carcinogenesis. The aim of this paper was to evaluate associations between some dietary factors and risk of pancreatic cancer in a multi-centre case-control study conducted in China. Materials and Methods: Cases (n=323) were ascertained from four provincial cancer hospitals. Controls (n=323) were randomly selected from the family members of patients without pancreatic cancer in the same hospitals	 1:1 matched to cases by gender	 age and study center. Data were collected with a questionnaire by personal interview. Odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (95% CI) were estimated using conditional logistic regression. Results: Tea intake (OR=0.49; 95% CI: 0.30-0.80) was associated with a half reduction in risk of pancreatic cancer. Reduced vegetable consumption (P trend: 0.04) was significant related to pancreatic cancer. Although no significant association was found for meat and fruit	 ORs were all above or below the reference group. A protective effect was found for fruit (OR=1.73 for consumption of 1-2 times/week vs more than 3 times/week; 95% CI: 1.05-2.86). A high intake of meat was associated to a higher risk of pancreatic cancer (OR=0.59 for consumption of 1-2 times/week vs. more than 3 times/week; 95% CI: 0.35-0.97). Conclusions: The present study supports fruit consumption to reduce pancreatic cancer risk and indicates that high consumption of meat is related to an elevated risk. Direct inverse relations with tea and vegetable intake were also confirmed.																											
AB Alkyl ethoxysulphates (AES) are anionic surfactants widely used in numerous commercial and industrial applications. In spite of the high AES volume consumption a few data concerning the occurrence	" fate and effects of AES in marine environments are reported in literature. The objective of this study is to evaluate the biodegradability and toxicity of AES in pristine sea water. Ultimate biodegradation was studied according to the guideline 835.3160 ""Biodegradability in sea water"" proposed by the United States Environmental Protection Agency (USEPA). Acute toxicity of AES was studied to the microalgae Nannochloropsis gaditana"	 Isochrysis galbana	 Chaetoceros gracilis	 Dunaliella Salina and Tetraselmis chuii and the invertebrate Artemia franciscana	 using culture growth inhibition and death	 respectively	 as effect criteria. During the degradative process two different stages were observed	 which were better described with the first order and logistic kinetic models	 respectively. Lag times were 3.3 (stage A) and 26.5 (stage B) days whereas half-lives were 18.6 (stage A) and 49.8 (stage B) days. AES inhibited the microalgae growth	 with 96-h EC50 values ranging from 4.68 g L-1 for D. Salina to 24.02 mg L-1 for I. galbana. Mean 48- and 72-h LC50 values for A. franciscana were 38.30 and 23.92 mg L-1	 respectively. The results indicate an extensive biodegradability of AES in sea water	 although at a very slow rate. Acute toxicity was highly dependent on the species tested	 being the green alga D. salina the most affected organism. The present study provides relevant data concerning the biodegradability and adverse effects of an AES surfactant on marine organisms	 which are useful to establish water quality criteria in a regulatory framework. (c) 2008 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.																
AB The large-scale influence of livestock grazing in the western United States generates a need to integrate landscape management to incorporate both wildlife and livestock. The purpose of this project was to evaluate the effects of four different grazing cells (spring grazing	 summer growing-season grazing	 fall grazing	 and resting) on wintering elk resource selection within the Wall Creek range in southwest Montana. We collected biweekly observations of elk (Cervus elaphus) numbers and distributions across the winter range from 1988 to 2007. Using a matched-case control logistic regression model to estimate selection coefficients	 we evaluated the effects of annual green-up conditions	 winter conditions	 landscape features	 and grazing treatment on elk group resource selection within the grazing system. We found that within the grazing system	 elk groups preferentially selected for rested pastures over pastures that were grazed during the previous spring (1 May-1 June)	 summer (1 June-15 July)	 and fall (15 September-30 September). The strength of selection against the pasture grazed during the summer growing season was strongest	 and pastures grazed during the spring and fall were selected for over the pasture grazed during the summer. The number of elk utilizing the grazing system increased in the 19 yr following implementation of the grazing system; however	 total elk herd size also increased during this time. We found no evidence that the proportion of the elk herd utilizing the grazing system changed following implementation of the rest rotation grazing system. Wintering elk group preference for rested pastures suggests rested pastures play an important role in rotation grazing systems by conserving forage for wintering elk. Additionally	 rested pastures provide important cover for a host of other wildlife species. We recommend wildlife managers maintain rested pastures within rotation grazing systems existing on ungulate winter range.																	
AB This paper details lessons learned from practical field experiences concerning the design	 construction	 and commissioning of a production-chemical program for a green (new) field development. A competent program requires the interaction of various specialty-products and -services suppliers	 including experts in flow assurance	 modeling	 fluid analysis	 and specialty chemicals. All are engaged in the early stages of the project and retained as resources throghout.																								
AB We investigate and compare the impact of the tax reduction policies implemented in the United States and China to stimulate consumer purchase of new automobiles and improve manufacturers' profits. The U.S. policy provides each qualifying consumer with a federal income tax deduction on state and local sales and excise taxes paid on the purchase price (up to a cutoff level)	 whereas the Chinese policy reduces the vehicle sales tax rate for consumers. We observe that these policy designs are consistent with the tax management system and the economic environment in the respective country. We analytically determine the effects of the two tax reduction policies on the automobile sales and the manufacturer's and the retailer's profits. Numerical examples are then used to provide insights on the importance of certain factors that influence the effects of the two policies. Finally	 a numerical experiment with sensitivity analysis based on real data is conducted to compare the merits and characteristics of the two policies under comparable conditions. We find that the U.S. policy is better than the Chinese policy in stimulating the sales of high-end automobiles	 whereas the Chinese policy is better than the U.S. policy in improving the sales of low-end automobiles. The U.S. policy is slightly more effective in increasing the profitability of the automobile supply chain; but	 in general	 the Chinese policy is more cost effective. The methodology developed herein can be used to evaluate other tax reduction policies such as those related to the purchase of energy-saving vehicles and to serve as a decision model to guide the choice of alternative tax reduction policies. (c) 2014 Wiley Periodicals	 Inc. Naval Research Logistics	 61: 577-598	2014																						
AB PURPOSE: To identify risk factors for development of secondary full-thickness macular holes after pars plana vitrectomy with internal limiting membrane (ILM) peeling for myopic foveoschisis.																														
AB The Multicoloured Asian Ladybird	 Harmonia axyridis Pallas (Coleoptera: Coccinellidae) is known to thrive principally in shrubby and arboreal habitats. This study focuses on the occurrence of this exotic species and its seasonal abundance in various field crops. The abundance of adults	 larvae and pupae of H. axyridis was evaluated over a three-year period	 from 2009 to 2011	 in four important agronomical crops (wheat	 corn	 broad bean and potato) in Belgium. From May to September	 48 1-m(2) quadrats were visually inspected in each of the fields sampled on several farms every seven days. H. axyridis colonized and reproduced in all of the four crops studied	 with the largest numbers recorded in corn and broad bean crops. Larvae and adults of H. axyridis were recorded mainly in corn and to a much less extent in wheat and potato crops. From 2009 to 2011	 the mean weekly abundance of H. ayxridis remained constant except in corn crops	 where the recorded densities of all the immature stages and adults were higher in 2011 than in 2009. The population dynamics of aphids and H. axyridis are well described by a symmetric logistic function (S-shape) of cumulative population size. H. axyridis was not always recorded where aphids were abundant	 e. g. aphids were abundant on wheat where no H. axyridis were recorded. H. axyridis start reproducing after the peak in aphid population	 suggesting that H. axyridis is able to complete its development by feeding on alternative prey such as larvae and pupae of the same and other species of ladybird and other aphidophagous species. H. axyridis is often considered to be bivoltine but it only completes one generation per year in field crops. The second generation generally develops late in the season in other habitats.																		
AB A good knowledge of shear wave (V-5) structural models is required for the realistic modelling of seismic hazard scenarios Nowadays there are many approaches based on surface wave dispersion evaluation mainly oriented to the use of controlled source techniques with appropriate shot gathers Subsoil deep controlled source surveys suffer great logistic problems and costs due to the amount of source energy they need (e g explosive) Otherwise realistic seismic motion evaluation requires the knowledge of Vs structural models even at large depths (e g 100-200 m)																														
AB The notion of renewable energy provides an important mechanism for diversifying an energy portfolio	 which ultimately would have numerous benefits including increased energy resilience	 reduced reliance on foreign energy supplies	 reduced GHG emissions	 development of a green energy sector that contributes to economic growth	 and providing a sustainable energy supply. The conversion of autotrophic algae to liquid transportation fuels is the basis of several decades of research to competitively bring energy-scale production into reality; however	 many challenges still remain for making algal biofuels economically viable. Addressing current challenges associated with algal production systems	 in part	 requires the ability to assess spatial and temporal variability	 rapidly evaluate alternative algal production system designs	 and perform large-scale assessments considering multiple scenarios for thousands of potential sites. We introduce the development and application of the Algae Logistics Model (ALM) which is tailored to help address these challenges. The flexible nature of the ALM architecture allows the model to: 1) interface with external biomass production and resource assessment models	 as well as other relevant datasets including those with spatiotemporal granularity; 2) interchange design processes to enable operational and economic assessments of multiple design configurations	 including the integration of current and new innovative technologies; and 3) conduct trade-off analysis to help understand the site-specific techno-economic trade-offs and inform technology decisions. This study uses the ALM to investigate a baseline open-pond production system determined by model harmonization efforts conducted by the U.S. Department of Energy. Six sites in the U.S. southern-tier were sub-selected and assessed using daily site-specific algae biomass productivity data to determine the economic viability of large-scale open-pond systems. Results show that costs can vary significantly depending on location and biomass productivity and that integration of novel dewatering equipment	 order of operations	 and equipment scaling can also have significant impacts on economics. (C) 2014 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.																
AB False negatives	 not detecting things that are actually present	 are an important but understudied problem. False negatives are the result of our inability to perfectly detect species	 especially those at low density such as endangered species or newly arriving introduced species. They reduce our ability to interpret presence-absence survey data and make sound management decisions (e.g.	 rapid response). To reduce the probability of false negatives	 we need to compare the efficacy and sensitivity of different sampling approaches and quantify an unbiased estimate of the probability of detection. We conducted field experiments in the intertidal zone of New England and New York to test the sensitivity of two sampling approaches (quadrat vs. total area search	 TAS)	 given different target characteristics (mobile vs. sessile). Using logistic regression we built detection curves for each sampling approach that related the sampling intensity and the density of targets to the probability of detection. The TAS approach reduced the probability of false negatives and detected targets faster than the quadrat approach. Mobility of targets increased the time to detection but did not affect detection success. Finally	 we interpreted two years of presence-absence data on the distribution of the Asian shore crab (Hemigrapsus sanguineus) in New England and New York	 using our probability model for false negatives. The type of experimental approach in this paper can help to reduce false negatives and increase our ability to detect species at low densities by re. ning sampling approaches	 which can guide conservation strategies and management decisions in various areas of ecology such as conservation biology and invasion ecology.																				
AB Background Although the vast majority of respiratory tract symptoms are self-limiting	 many patients visit their GP for these symptoms and antibiotics are overprescribed.																													
AB Background: A retrospective study was made to demonstrate normal variations of the color and size of the tapetal area and color of the nontapetal area in the ocular fundus in dogs	 correlating them to breed	 age and coat color.																												
AB Objective To identify clinical and ultrasound variables associated with the birth of small-for-gestational-age (SGA) infants by customised centiles	 subclassified according to whether their mothers were normotensive or developed hypertensive complications.																													
AB We derive equations for the effective concentration giving 10% inhibition (EC10) with 95% confidence limits for probit (log-normal)	 Weibull	 and logistic dose -responsemodels on the basis of experimentally derived median effective concentrations (EC50s) and the curve slope at the central point (50% inhibition). For illustration	 data from closed	 freshwater algal assays are analyzed using the green alga Pseudokirchneriella subcapitata with growth rate as the response parameter. Dose-response regressions for four test chemicals (tetraethylammonium bromide	 musculamine	 benzonitrile	 and 4-4-(trifluoromethyl)phenoxy-phenol) with ranges of representative slopes at 50% response (0.54-2.62) and EC50s (2.20-357 mg/L) were selected. Reference EC50s and EC10s with 95% confidence limits using probit or Weibull models are calculated by nonlinear regression on the whole dataset using a dose - response regression program with variance weighting and proper inverse estimation. The Weibull model provides the best fit to the data for all four chemicals. Predicted EC10s (95% confidence limits) from our derived equations are quite accurate; for example	 with 4-4-(trifluoromethyl)phenoxy-phenol and the probit model	 we obtain 1.40 (1.22-1.61) mg/L versus 1.40 (1.20-1.64) mg/L obtained from the nonlinear regression program. The main advantage of the approach is that EC10 or ECx (where x = 1 - 99) can be predicted from well-determined responses around EC20 to EC80 without experimental data in the low- or high-response range. Problems with the estimation of confidence interval for EClow	x (concentration predicted to cause x% inhibition) from algal growth inhibition also are addressed. Large confidence intervals may be the result of experimental error and lack of a well-defined reference response value.																				
AB The little bustard Tetrax tetrax (Aves	 Gruiformes) is a threatened bird species	 which is highly reliant on extensively grazed semi-natural grasslands. It is one of the more rapidly declining species in Europe due to the widespread intensification of agricultural practices and consequent abandonment of agro-pastoral activities. Therefore	 understanding its habitat requirements in different seasons is crucial to implement adequate habitat management measures. Previous knowledge of habitat preference of the little bustard in Sardinia	 which nowadays supports the only remnant isolated population present in Italy	 is only available for the breeding season. We conducted surveys of displaying males in spring and of mixed flocks (of different age and sex classes) in summer and quantified habitat requirements in the two seasons using logistic regression analysis. Overall	 we detected 85 displaying males in spring and seven mixed flocks (totalling 77 individuals) in summer within the study area. Interestingly	 habitat preference models evidenced contrasting needs between the two different seasons: Males occurrence in spring was higher with greater fallow cover and further from water	 whereas in summer flock occurrence was negatively related to fallow cover. This seasonal change in fallow preference is likely due to the effect of grazing livestock on this land-use. Extensive grazing is known to shape adequate habitat structure for displaying males in spring. On the other hand	 grazing animals in summer may deplete the already limited food resources (i.e. green plants) available during this dry period of the year and when energy requirement for the little bustard is high due to feather moulting. This may explain the observed avoidance of fallow cover in summer. Conservation efforts in Sardinia should aim at maintaining a mosaic of diverse habitats that may provide complementary resources at any given time of the year that would benefit this and other grassland species of conservation concern.																					
AB Objective: To assess the impact of an intervention modifying dietary habits for the prevention of anaemia in rural India.																														
AB This paper was to develop the models for predicting the dynamics of panicle geometric. morphology	 panicle and branch curves and panicle color	 and to visualize rice panicle in three dimensions (3D). Based on three experiments with different rice (Oryza sativa L.) cultivars	 the time-course data were collected on the panicle geometric morphology	 (including the number of branches and spikelets	 the lengths of panicle and branches	 and the diameter of panicle axis)	 the spatial coordinates of panicle axis and branches	 and the RGB (red	 green and blue) values of panicle color in rice. The dynamics of rice panicle morphology	 panicle and branch curves	 and RGB values of panicle color with thermal time (TT) were then characterized and simulated. The derived models were further used to visualize rice panicle in 3D. The results indicated that some appropriate functions (quadratic	 logistic	 exponential and Gaussian) could be chosen to describe the dynamics of the panicle geometric morphology and the RGB values of panicle color with time (growing process) and space (distributions of panicle organs) during panicle development. Combining the above models with the topological structure of rice panicle	 rice panicle was visualized with Microsoft.Net and OpenGL (a graphics library). Validation of the models with the independent data indicated that all relative root mean square errors (RRMSEs) between the measured and simulated values were below 20%. Comparison of virtual and real panicles at different development stages showed that the virtual rice panicles were quite similar to real panicles. Overall	 the present study could effectively simulate the dynamic changes of 3D morphology and color characteristics of rice panicle	 and would provide a key technological support for fulfilling visualization of the whole rice plant. (C) 2013 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.														
AB There are currently numerous data sources available for estimating the timing of recurrent plant phenology transitions. We compared measurements from several phenology data sources to understand the relationship between phenology metrics derived from these data sources and the timing of seasonal transitions in net ecosystem exchange (NEE). We identified the timing of start	 peak	 end and the duration of the carbon uptake season	 as well as the timing of the transitions from sink to source and source to sink using 11 years of NEE data from the University of Michigan Biological Station (UMBS). Using fitted logistic functions we identified proxy metrics for phenological transitions from the time series of Albedo	 fraction of absorbed photosynthetically active radiation (fPAR)	 Plant Area Index (PAI)	 and MODIS normalized difference vegetation index (NDVI)	 enhanced vegetation index (EVI)	 and leaf area index (LAI) products of various spatial representations. We found that no single source of phenological data was able to accurately describe annual patterns of flux phenology. However	 for each transition in NEE (e.g.	 start of season	 transition to net sink)	 the metrics from one or more data sources were significantly (p < 0.05) correlated with the timing of these recurring events. A marginally significant trend toward a longer NEE carbon uptake period over 11 years was not detected by any of the metrics	 primarily because none of the metrics were available for the full duration of the NEE data	 and NEE did not show significant and consistent trends during the sub-sets of the time when proxy data were available. The results of our study highlight the relative strengths and weaknesses of each phenology data source for directly estimating seasonal transitions and interannual trends in carbon flux phenology of a deciduous forest. (C) 2011 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.																
AB Development of effective trapping tools for forest pests and evaluating the key components of these tools is necessary to locate early-stage infestations and develop management responses to them. Agrilus planipennis Fairmaire (emerald ash borer) is an introduced pest of ash (Fraxinus spp. L.) in North America. The effectiveness of different trap and lure combinations were tested in areas with low and high density populations of A. planipennis. At low density sites	 purple prism traps outperformed green traps and girdled ash trap trees in capture rates (adults per day) and rates of detection of A. planipennis. Also	 manuka oil lures	 used as a standard lure in a national survey programme	 captured higher rates of A. planipennis than did previous standards of girdled ash trap trees. There was no logistic relationship between the detection of A. planipennis on a trap and the diameter of the ash tree from which the trap was suspended	 possibly because of the use of artificial lures with these traps. There was also no difference in the mean number of A. lanipennis captured per day between ash species and between vigour rating of ash associated with the traps. However	 traps placed in open grown and dominant trees captured more beetles than traps placed in lower canopy class trees. At sites defined as low and high density	 there was no difference in the larval density per cm3 of phloem. This suggests that exposure time to A. planipennis has been shorter at those low density sites. By exploiting the trap and tree characteristics that improve A. planipennis capture rates and detection efficacy	 there can be future improvement in management of this pest. If detection can occur before infested ash trees exhibit signs and symptoms	 there may be a potential for reducing the mortality of ash within stands.																					
AB Background: Intake of total fluids and specific beverages may be associated with the risk of renal cell carcinoma (RCC) through a diluting effect of carcinogens. However	 total fluid consumption and RCC risk has not received Sufficient examination. In this study	 we assessed the roles of total fluid intake and type of beverage intake in the risk of RCC. Methods: Mailed questionnaires were completed by 1138 newly diagnosed	 histologically confirmed RCC cases and 5039 population controls between 1994 and 1997 in 8 Canadian provinces. Data collection included information on socio-economic status	 physical activity	 smoking habits	 alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverage use	 diet	 residential history and occupational history. Odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were derived through unconditional logistic regression. Results: Higher total fluid intake was associated with risk of RCC; the OR for the highest versus the lowest quartile was 1.49 (95% CI 1.20-1.85). Intake of total juices and coffee was also related to the risk of RCC; for the highest versus the lowest quartile	 the ORs were 1.53 (95% CI 1.18-1.99) and 1.33 (95% CI 1.07-1.66)	 respectively. These positive associations were stronger in men	 but not in women. Higher coffee intake was more strongly associated with RCC in normal weight subjects. In contrast	 total intake of alcohol was inversely associated with the risk of RCC. Intake of tap water (not in coffee or tea)	 bottled water	 tea	 soft drinks and milk was not related to RCC. Conclusions: The risk of RCC for higher intake of total fluids	 coffee and juices might involve gender differences. (C) 2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.														
AB The production of methane from anaerobic digestion of slurry and biomass for generating electricity/heat has expanded significantly in Germany following the introduction of high subsidy payments. This results in large amounts of biogas residues	 which should be used in a sustainable manner to replace fossil fuel-based fertilizer. Data on the nitrogen leaching risk after biogas residue application	 however	 are scarce.																											
AB Background: Northern Vietnam is an endemic region for fish-borne zoonotic trematodes (FZT)	 including liver and intestinal flukes. Humans acquire the FZT infection by eating raw or inadequately cooked fish. The production of FZT-free fish in aquaculture is a key component in establishing a sustainable program to prevent and control the FZT transmission to humans. Interventions in aquaculture should be based on knowledge of the main risk factors associated with FZT transmission.																													
AB The objective of this study was to evaluate the impact of Winnipeg's photo enforcement safety program on speeding	 i.e.	" ""speed on green"""	 and red-light running behavior at intersections as well as on crashes resulting from these behaviors. ARIMA time series analyses regarding crashes related to red-light running (right-angle crashes and rear-end crashes) and crashes related to speeding (injury crashes and property damage only crashes) occurring at intersections were conducted using monthly crash counts from 1994 to 2008. A quasi-experimental intersection camera experiment was also conducted using roadside data on speeding and red-light running behavior at intersections. These data were analyzed using logistic regression analysis. The time series analyses showed that for crashes related to red-light running	 there had been a 46% decrease in right-angle crashes at camera intersections	 but that there had also been an initial 42% increase in rear-end crashes. For crashes related to speeding	 analyses revealed that the installation of cameras was not associated with increases or decreases in crashes. Results of the intersection camera experiment show that there were significantly fewer red light running violations at intersections after installation of cameras and that photo enforcement had a protective effect on speeding behavior at intersections. However	 the data also suggest photo enforcement may be less effective in preventing serious speeding violations at intersections. Overall	 Winnipeg's photo enforcement safety program had a positive net effect on traffic safety.Results from both the ARIMA time series and the quasi-experimental design corroborate one another. However	 the protective effect of photo enforcement is not equally pronounced across different conditions so further monitoring is required to improve the delivery of this measure. Results from this study as well as limitations are discussed. (C) 2013 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.																					
AB PURPOSE. To analyze the patient demography and the various fluorescein angiography (FA) features of diffuse retinal pigment epitheliopathy (DRPE) cases among the inhabitants of the Brahmaputra Valley of India and to see if there is any ethnic variation in its clinical presentation and risk factors.																														
AB Background Magnesium (Mg) is an essential cofactor for enzymes involved in glucose and insulin metabolism. Low intakes of dietary magnesium may be linked to greater risk of metabolic syndrome (MS) in older adults. Aim of the study The objective of this study was to examine the cross-sectional relationship between dietary Mg intake	 metabolic risk factors and MS in elderly adults. Methods This study was conducted in a sample of 535 (179 men and 356 women) community-living adults aged 60 years and in Boston Massachusetts between the years 1981 and 1984. Dietary Mg intake was assessed by a 3-day food record and categorized by quartiles of dietary intake. The MS was defined based on criteria set by the Third Report of the National Cholesterol Education Program except that body mass index was used in place of waist circumference. Logistic regression analysis was used to examine the association between quartile categories of Mg intake	 prevalence of MS and components of the MS. Models were adjusted for age	 gender	 BMI	 race	 educational attainment	 marital status	 smoking status	 alcohol intake	 exercise	 energy intake	 percentage of calories from saturated fat	 use of antihypertensive or lipid medication. Results Mg intake was inversely associated with the MS; those with the highest intake of Mg had significantly lower risk of having MS compared to the lowest quartile of intake (OR: 0.36	 95% CI 0.19-0.69	 P for trend 0.002). Significant inverse relationships were observed between Mg intake and BMI (OR: 0.47	 95% CI: 0.22-1.00	 P trend = 0.03)	 and fasting glucose (OR: 0.41	 95% CI 0.22-0.77	 P trend = 0.005). Conclusions Our study demonstrates that Mg intake is inversely associated with prevalence of the MS in older adults. Older adults should be encouraged to eat foods rich in Mg	 such as green vegetables	 legumes and whole-grains.								
AB We examined the frequency of adolescents' use of electronic media (ie	 television/movie watching	 text messaging	 talking on the telephone	 listening to music with headphones	 and playing with hand-held games) at family meals and examined associations with demographic characteristics	 rules about media use	 family characteristics	 and the types of foods served at meals using an observational	 cross-sectional design. Data were drawn from two coordinated	 population-based studies of adolescents (Project Eating Among Teens 2010) and their parents (Project Families and Eating Among Teens). Surveys were completed during 2009-2010. Frequent television/movie watching during family meals by youth was reported by 25.5% of parents. Multivariate logistic regression analyses indicated significantly higher odds of mealtime media use (P<0.05) for girls and older teens. In addition	 higher odds of mealtime media use (P<0.05) were also seen among those whose parents had low education levels or were black or Asian; having parental rules about media use significantly reduced these odds. Frequent mealtime media use was significantly associated with lower scores on family communication (P<0.05) and scores indicating less importance placed on mealtimes (P<0.001). Furthermore	 frequent mealtime media use was associated with lower odds of serving green salad	 fruit	 vegetables	 100% juice	 and milk at meals	 whereas higher odds were seen for serving sugar-sweetened beverages (P<0.05). The ubiquitous use of mealtime media by adolescents and differences by sex	 race/ethnicity	 age	 and parental rules suggest that supporting parents in their efforts to initiate and follow-through on setting mealtime media use rules may be an important public health strategy.										
AB Aim: To identify factors associated with severe femoral vein (FV) damage among groin injectors (GIs) on oral opioid substitution treatment.																														
AB Objectives: To identify dietary	 environmental and socio-economic factors associated with mild zinc deficiency	 three zinc status indices. erythrocyte membrane zinc (RBCMZn)	 plasma zinc and super oxide dismutase (SOD) were assessed in free living and apparently healthy Indian population																											
AB RANKL (receptor activator of NF-kappaB) is a potent physiological inducer of osteoclastogenesis. Its actions are blocked by the decoy receptor osteoprotegerin (OPG)	 and treatment with OPG blocks bone resorption in postmenopausal women. Both positive and negative associations between serum OPG and bone mineral density (BMD) have been reported in the literature. We hypothesized that decreased OPG production relative to RANKL within bone itself could lead to increased risk of osteoporotic fracture. We included ten women with hip fracture (age 76.3 +/- 8.0 years	 NS hip BMD 0.686 +/- 1.3 g/cm(2)	 p < 0.05) and 24 women with osteoarthrosis of the hip (age 72.8 +/- 7.2 years	 hip BMD 0.832 +/- 1.1 g/cm(2)). Transiliac biopsies were obtained at the time of surgery. Total RNA was extracted from biopsies and reverse-transcribed. Real-time quantification of rnRNA was performed with a SYBR Green I real time PCR assay	 calculating relative gene expession with normalization of results for 0 actin mRNA. Actin normalized mRNA levels for OPG and interleukin (IL)-6 were significantly lower in fracture patients	 with a significantly higher RANKL/OPG ratio in patients with Fractures. There was no significant difference in tumor necrosis factor (TNF)	 IL-1	 IL-1ra	 or IL-7 expression. IL-6 mRNA levels were lower in fracture patients (P < 0.05). The effect of increased RANKL/OPG ratio (Z = 2.08	 P < 0.05) on fracture risk was additive to that of hip BMD T score (Z = -1.95	 P < 0.05) when assessed using logistic regression. Elderly women with hip fractures exhibit an increased RANKI_/0PG rnRNA content of iliac bone. This is associated with increased fracture susceptibility	 which is not in itself explained by low BMD.																		
AB Background: Results on the relationship between coffee and tea drinking and the risk of oral cavity cancer are contrasted.																														
AB Purpose The effect of fruit and vegetable intake on the risk of nasopharyngeal carcinoma (NPC) remains uncertain due to limited published evidence. We performed a matched case-control study to investigate the relationship between the intake of fruit and vegetables and the risk of NPC.																														
AB Objective: Microsatellite instability (MSI) is one form of genomic instability that occurs in 10% to 20% of sporadic colon tumors and almost all hereditary nonpolyposis colon cancers. However	 little is known about how environmental factors (e.g.	 diet) may influence MSI in sporadic colon cancer.																												
AB Porcine high fever disease (PHFD) emerged in 2006 in China and spread to Vietnam. Little work has been carried out to investigate PHFD risk factors and spacetime dynamics. To fill this gap	 we investigated probable cases of PHFD at household level as the outcome. A study area	 approximately 100 sq. km	 was selected from a province of southern Vietnam that had reported the outbreak of PHFD in 2008. A survey was conducted in the study area to collect information about swine health problems during 2008. The questionnaire included three sections: general information	 clinical signs of disease in pigs and production factors believed to be risk factors. Cases were defined at the household level and included interpretation of clinical signs in series. Logistic regression with a random intercept at the hamlet level was used to assess risk factors for PHFD at the household level. Spatial clustering was investigated using the D-function and a CuzickEdwards test. Spatial clusters were evaluated using a spatial relative risk surface and the spatial scan statistic using a Bernoulli model. Spacetime clustering was explored using a spacetime K-function and Knoxs test. Spacetime clusters were evaluated using a spacetime permutation model in SaTScan. Of 955 households with questionnaire data	 33.4% were classified as cases. The statistical significance of space and spacetime clustering differed between methods employed. The risk factors associated with occurrence of cases were higher numbers of sows and finishing pigs (log 2 transformed)	 receiving pigs from an external source and the interaction between using water green crop (WGC) as pig feed and owning ducks with or without direct contact with pigs. The interaction between the presence of ducks and feeding WGC to pigs suggested the involvement of pathogens that might be present in water (environment) and could further replicate in or on ducks.																								
AB Man-made habitats in central Europe can be broadly divided into arable land with weed vegetation	 and settlements and their surroundings	 harbouring ruderal vegetation. The former is a predictable environment with frequent	 regular and large-scale disturbances	 while the latter is an unpredictable environment with irregular disturbances of varying spatial extent producing heterogeneous mosaics of different successional stages. We hypothesize that these differences in disturbance regimes select for different sets of biological and ecological plant traits in these two habitats. A data set of 2715 vegetation plots sampled in man-made habitats dominated by annual plants in the Czech Republic was combined with data on biological and ecological traits of vascular plants	 mostly taken from the BiolFlor database. Differences due to temporal variation and location of plots in different climatic zones were partialled out using partial canonical correspondence analysis. Then the differences in traits of the plants growing on arable fields and in settlements were analysed using logistic and least-square regression models	 both with and without phylogenetic correction. Plants growing on arable land were more often annuals	 R-strategists	 with overwintering green leaves	 insect or self-pollinated	 reproducing by seeds	 with persistent seed banks and archaeophytes (i.e. those aliens that arrived prior to 1500). Plants growing in human settlements were more often biennials or perennials	 C-strategists	 wind-pollinated	 flowering in mid summer	 reproducing both by seeds and vegetatively	 dispersed by wind or humans	 neophytes (i.e. those aliens that arrived after 1500)	 species with high demands for light and nutrients and with more continental distribution ranges. Most associations between plant traits and habitats did not change after taking phylogenetic relationships into account. Traits strongly linked to phylogeny were especially modes of pollination and dispersal. By contrast	 traits weakly linked to phylogeny included life strategy and alien status. (c) 2006 Rubel Foundation	 ETH Zurich. Published by Elsevier GmbH. All rights reserved.										
AB Purpose - This paper aims to provide a framework which can assist focal companies in the development of sustainable supply chains. Sustainable development from an industrial perspective has extended beyond organisational boundaries to incorporate a supply chain approach.																														
AB AIM: To establish a reliable definition of postoperative liver failure (PLF) and allow the prediction of outcomes after hepatectomy.																														
AB The effect of temperature	 pH	 and sodium chloride concentration on the growth of the Ascomycetes fungus Monascus ruber van Tieghem	 the main spoilage microorganism during storage of table olives	 was studied by using the gradient plate technique. Gradients of NaCl (3 to 9%	 wt/vol) at right angles to gradients of pH (2 to 6.8) were prepared for the plates	 which were incubated at 25	30	 and 35degreesC. Visible fungal growth	 expressed in optical density units	 was recorded by image analysis and graphically presented in the form of three-dimensional grids. Results obtained from the plates indicated that the fungus was salt and acid tolerant	 being able to grow at NaCl concentrations of up to 9% (wt/vol) and pH values of as low as 2.2	 depending on the incubation temperature. The inhibitory effect of NaCl increased as the pH decreased progressively at 25 and 30degreesC but not at 35degreesC. Growth was better at 30 and 25degreesC as judged by the larger extent of the plates covered by mycelium compared with that at 35degreesC	 where no growth was observed at pHs below 3.7. Differentiation between vegetative (imperfect-stage) and reproductive (perfect-stage) growth was evident on all plates	 providing useful information about the effect of environmental conditions on the form of fungal growth. When the growth/no-growth surface model was obtained by applying linear logistic regression	 it was found that all factors (pH	 NaCl	 and temperature) and their interactions were significant. Plots of growth/no-growth interfaces for P values of 0.1	0.5	 and 0.9 described the results satisfactorily at 25 and 35degreesC	 whereas at 35degreesC the model predicted lower minimum pH values for growth in the range of 7 to 10% NaCl than those observed on the plates. Overall	 it is suggested that the fungus cannot be inhibited by any combination of pH and NaCl within the limits of the brine environment	 so further processing is required to ensure product stability in the market.								
AB This Closed Ecological System technique measures the biotic O-2 changes of an aquatic community during light:dark cycles as an estimate of total ecosystem metabolism. The whole system metabolism method is being tested as a complementary approach to Systems Analysis as it reflects an envelope within which the system is constrained. We are exploring the use of O-2 as an emergent property of the ecosystem that displays the sum of all interactions within the ecosystem. The total O-2 changes of an ungrazed and a grazed Closed Ecological System were measured over 30+ days; the patterns of ecosystem and grazer O-2 dynamics were compared. The changes in O-2 concentration during the day (lighted) and night (dark) were measured	 and Net Ecosystem Production (24h) was calculated. Population abundance of the green algae (estimated by in vivo fluorescence) and the grazers	 Daphnia magna	 were measured. The oxygen dynamics of both ecosystems were logistic shaped	 beginning slowly	 increasing rapidly until the inflection point	 slowing and eventually approaching an asymptote. In the grazed ecosystem the grazer population bloomed and crashed. The effect of the grazers was to reduce algal abundance temporarily	 associated with a modest decline in total O-2	 and as the Daphnia declined	 the algae and O-2 concentrations increased. The respiration of the Daphnia was estimated from abundance and size counts	 and literature values of respiration rate (minimum and maximum feeding conditions). The patterns of ecosystem and grazer respiration were very different and the ecosystem pattern could not have been predicted if the respiration of only the visible organisms (Daphnia) had been estimated. Measuring the metabolism of the whole ecosystem demonstrated the patterns of energetic changes throughout the systems' development without the additional uncertainty of estimating metabolism from organism counts and average values	 and the uncertainty of distinguishing biotic changes from atmospheric diffusion. (C) 2014 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.																			
AB Is there any association between the intake of different food groups and the risk of idiopathic asthenozoospermia?																														
AB Hypotheses. Men who have a brother with prostate cancer have a 2-fold increased risk of being diagnosed with prostate cancer. Strategies employed by these men to reduce prostate cancer risk are not well understood. Preliminary studies have shown that men with a family history of prostate cancer have a high rate of vitamin and supplement usage aimed at the prevention of prostate cancer. Study design. The authors analyzed data from a cross-sectional study of men with familial and hereditary prostate cancer and their unaffected brothers. A total of 542 unaffected men who had at least one brother who had been diagnosed with prostate cancer regarding their use of vitamins and supplements	 as well as the motivation for use	 were interviewed. Methods. The associations between subject characteristics and vitamin and supplement use were evaluated using an unconditional logistic regression modeling approach. Results. Overall	 59.2% and 36.5% of men reported ever using and currently using	 respectively	 one or more vitamins or supplements (including multivitamins). One third of men took a vitamin or supplement that has been targeted for prostate health or cancer prevention	 including green tea	 magnesium	 male hormones	 saw palmetto	 selenium	 soy	 vitamins A	 C	 E	 and zinc. Increasing age at time of survey was associated with vitamin/supplement use (odds ratio [OR] = 1.03; 95% confidence interval [CI] = 1.01-1.05). After adjusting for age at time of survey	 being younger than an affected brother was associated with vitamin and supplement use (OR = 1.51; 95% CI = 1.01-2.25). A total of 25% of men reported obtaining information from books or articles as the most common source of information. Conclusions. The findings indicate that men at an increased risk for prostate cancer report a high rate of vitamin and supplement use	 including supplements targeted for prostate cancer prevention. Men with a family history of prostate cancer represent a target population for future chemopreventative agents.													
AB Background: Factors related to DNA damage and altered immunologic responses	 such as reactive oxygen species production	 are associated with the risk of non-Hodgkin lymphoma (NHL).																												
AB Aims and background. The major cause of death in breast cancer patients is metastasis. Various biomarkers have been used for the early detection of circulating tumor cells in the peripheral blood of breast cancer patients. The aims of the current study were to analyze circulating tumor cells in the blood of breast cancer patients by investigating EGFR	 CK19	 CK20 and HER2 expression profiles and to evaluate their prognostic importance.																												
AB Antioxidants	 primarily from fruits and vegetables	 have been hypothesized to protect against non-Hodgkin lymphoma (NHL). The oxygen radical absorbance capacity (ORAC) assay	 which measures total antioxidant capacity of individual foods and accounts for synergism	 can be estimated using a food-frequency questionnaire (FFQ). We tested the hypothesis that higher intake of antioxidant nutrients from foods	 supplements and FFQ-based ORAC values are associated with a lower risk of NHL in a clinic-based study of 603 incident cases and 1	007 frequency-matched controls. Diet was assessed with a 128-item FFQ. Logistic regression was used to estimate odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals adjusted for age	 sex	 residence and total energy. Dietary intake of a-tocopherol (OR = 0.50; p-trend = 0.0002)	 beta-carotene (OR = 0.58; p-trend = 0.0005)	 lutein/zeaxanthin (OR = 0.62; p-trend = 0.005)	 zinc (OR = 0.54; p-trend = 0.003) and chromium (OR = 0.68; p-trend = 0.032) was inversely associated with NHL risk. Inclusion of supplement use had little impact on these associations. Total vegetables (OR = 0.52; p-trend < 0.0001)	 particularly green leafy (OR = 0.52; p-trend<0.0001) and cruciferous (OR = 0.68; p-trend = 0.045) vegetables	 were inversely associated with NHL risk. NHL risk was inversely associated with both hydrophilic ORAC (OR = 0.61	 p-trend = 0.003) and lipophilic ORAC (OR = 0.48	 p-trend = 0.0002)	 although after simultaneous adjustment for other antioxidants or total vegetables	 only the association for lipophilic ORAC remained significant. There was no striking heterogeneity in results across the common NHL subtypes. Higher antioxidant intake as estimated by the FFQ-ORAC	 particularly the lipophilic component	 was associated with a lower NHL risk after accounting for other antioxidant nutrients and vegetable intake	 supporting this as potentially useful summary measure of total antioxidant intake.										
AB Active commuting to school can contribute to active living among children	 and environmental characteristics might be related to transportation mode to school.																													
AB Introduction: This explorative study examines personal and neighbourhood characteristics associated with short-distance trips made by car	 bicycle or walking in order to identify target groups for future interventions.																													
AB The literature shows an inconsistent relationship between lifestyle behaviors and metabolic syndrome (MetS)	 especially in the elderly. We designed this study to investigate the interrelationships among cigarette smoking	 tea drinking and MetS	 and to verify the factors associated with MetS in elderly males dwelling in rural community. In July 2010	 with a whole community sampling method	 414 male subjects aged over 65 dwelling in Tianliao township were randomly sampled. The response rate was 60.8%. Each subject completed the structured questionnaires including sociodemographic characteristics	 habitual behaviors (including cigarette smoking and tea drinking habits) and medical history. After an overnight fast	 the laboratory and anthropometric data were obtained. MetS was confirmed according to the criteria defined by the modified NCEP ATP III for the male Chinese population. Subjects were split into either non-MetS or MetS groups for further analysis. Of the 361 subjects with complete data	 132 (36.6%) elderly men were classified as having MetS. Using binary logistic regression	 body mass index	 serum uric acid	 high sensitivity C-reactive protein	 HOMA index	 current smokers (OR = 2.72	 95%CI: 1.03 similar to 7.19)	 total smoking amount > = 30 (OR = 2.78	 95%CI: 1.31 similar to 5.90) and more than 20 cigarettes daily (OR = 2.54	 95%CI: 1.24 similar to 5.18) were positively associated with MetS. Current un- or partial fermented tea drinker (OR = 0.42	 95%CI: 0.22 similar to 0.84)	 tea drinking habit for 1-9 years (OR = 0.36	 95% CI: 0.15 similar to 0.90) and more than 240cc daily (OR = 0.35	 95%CI: 0.17 similar to 0.72) were negatively associated with MetS. In conclusion	 this study suggests that smoking habit was positively associated with MetS	 but tea drinking habit was negatively associated with MetS in elderly men dwelling in rural community.							
AB Background: Over the last century the incidence of cutaneous melanoma has increased worldwide	 a trend that has also been observed in Brazil. The identified risk factors for melanoma include the pattern of sun exposure	 family history	 and certain phenotypic features. In addition	 the incidence of melanoma might be influenced by ethnicity. Like many countries	 Brazil has high immigration rates and consequently a heterogenous population. However	 Brazil is unique among such countries in that the ethnic heterogeneity of its population is primarily attributable to admixture. This study aimed to evaluate the contribution of European ethnicity to the risk of cutaneous melanoma in Brazil.																								
AB Background: Case studies and anecdotal reports have documented a range of acute illnesses associated with exposure to cyanobacteria and their toxins in recreational waters. The epidemiological data to date are limited; we sought to improve on the design of some previously conducted studies in order to facilitate revision and refinement of guidelines for exposure to cyanobacteria in recreational waters.																														
AB Background & aims: Results of previous studies on tea consumption and incidence or prognosis of acute myocardial infarction (AMI) are conflicting. The aim of the present study was to examine the potential role of tea consumption in the previous 12 months in primary and secondary prevention of AMI.																														
AB Wetlands are one of the most important watershed microtopographic features that affect hydrologic processes (e.g.	 routing) and the fate and transport of constituents (e.g.	 sediment and nutrients). Efforts to conserve existing wetlands and/or to restore lost wetlands require that watershed-level effects of wetlands on water quantity and water quality be quantified. Because monitoring approaches are usually cost or logistics prohibitive at watershed scale	 distributed watershed models such as the Soil and Water Assessment Tool (SWAT)	 enhanced by the hydrologic equivalent wetland (HEW) concept developed by Wang [Wang	 X.	 Yang	 W.	 Melesse	 A.M.	 2008. Using hydrologic equivalent wetland concept within SWAT to estimate streamflow in watersheds with numerous wetlands. Trans. ASABE 51(1)	 55-72.]	 can be a best resort. However	 there is a serious lack of information about simulated effects using this kind of integrated modeling approach. The objective of this study was to use the HEW concept in SWAT to assess effects of wetland restoration within the Broughton's Creek watershed located in southwestern Manitoba	 and of wetland conservation within the upper portion of the Otter Tail River watershed located in northwestern Minnesota. The results indicated that the HEW concept allows the nonlinear functional relations between watershed processes and wetland characteristics (e.g.	 size and morphology) to be accurately represented in the models. The loss of the first 10-20% of the wetlands in the Minnesota study area would drastically increase the peak discharge and loadings of sediment	 total phosphorus (TP)	 and total nitrogen (TN). On the other hand	 the justifiable reductions of the peak discharge and loadings of sediment	 TP	 and TN in the Manitoba study area may require that 50-80% of the lost wetlands be restored. Further	 the comparison between the predicted restoration and conservation effects revealed that wetland conservation seems to deserve a higher priority while both wetland conservation and restoration may be equally important. (C) 2010 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.									
AB Background/Objectives: To examine the association between dietary calcium and vitamin D intake and cervical neoplasia risk	 we conducted a case-control study.																													
AB PURPOSE. To examine tear film	 contact lens	 medical	 and patient-related factors associated with self-reported contact lens-related dry eye.																											
AB Objective: Electroporation is the most common method used for the transfection of DNA. Although this method has been attributed for various cell using different buffer compositions	 the effects of DNA concentration on the transfection efficiency has not yet been studied. Here the correlation between the efficiency of electroporation reaction and increments of DNA concentration has been investigated. Following this investigation	 a study was set out to produce a transgenic goat which is capable of secreting recombinant human coagulation factor IX in its milk.																												
AB Leatherback turtles (Dermochelys coriacea) are endangered	 and declining population trends suggest that they are vulnerable to becoming extinct in the Pacific Ocean. Population recovery depends on strong conservation measures (e.g.	 nest protection	 reduction of bycatch	 and foraging habitat preservation) and on how fast leatherbacks grow and reach maturity	 making the latter of grave concern. The research reported here marks the first time that several leatherback turtles have been maintained in captivity for nearly 2 years	 from hatchlings (6.31 +/- 0.13 cm straight carapace length (SCL) and 46.0 +/- 1 g) to juveniles (largest	 72.0 cm SCL and 42.65 kg). Leatherbacks maintained an average growth rate of 31.9 +/- 2.8 cm year(-1) in SCL throughout the study period. A length-mass relationship of the form	 mass (kg) = 0.000214*SCL (cm) 2.86	 fitted our data and data from four other captive studies	 11 wild juveniles	 and five studies of adult leatherbacks. Von Bertalanffy	 Gompertz and logistic growth functions predicted age-at-maturity for leatherbacks of 16.1	 8.7 and 6.8 years	 respectively. The accuracy of these age-at-maturity estimates is discussed in the light of skeletochronological studies as well as estimates obtained from conservation and genetic studies. Our data	 in combination with data from sightings	 suggest that leatherbacks spend their early years (0 to 5 years of age) growing in the warmer waters of the tropical and subtropical seas before entering cooler temperate waters. Information obtained from turtles incidentally captured in fisheries	 supplemented with growth curve data	 indicates that leatherbacks are vulnerable to entanglement or hooking in various pelagic gear types	 such as drift gill nets and longline within 3 years from nest emergence. Consequently	 leatherbacks are exposed to threats from marine fisheries for > 80% of their early life before carapace length characteristic of reproductive maturity is attained. (C) 2011 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.										
AB Using a representative set of 10 of the worst invasive species in Europe	 this study investigates the relative importance of climatic	 habitat and socio-economic factors in driving the occurrence of invasive species. According to the regression models performed	 these factors can be interpreted as multi-scale filters that determine the occurrence of invasive species	 with human degradation potentially affecting the performance of the other two environmental filters. Amongst climate factors	 minimum temperature of the coldest month was one of the most important drivers of the occurrence of Europe's worst freshwater and terrestrial invaders like the red swamp crayfish (Procambarus clarkii)	 Bermuda buttercup (Oxalis pes-caprae) and Sika deer (Cervus nippon). Water chemistry (alkalinity	 pH	 nitrate) determines the availability of habitat and resources for species at regional to local levels and was relevant to explain the occurrence of aquatic and semi-aquatic invaders such as the brook trout (Salvalinus fontinallis) and Canada goose (Branta canadensis). Likewise	 nitrate and cholorophyll-a concentration were important determinants of marine invaders like the bay barnacle (Balanus improvisus) and green sea fingers (Codium fragile). Most relevant socio-economic predictors included the density of roads	 country gross domestic product (GDP)	 distance to ports and the degree of human influence on ecosystems. These variables were particularly relevant to explain the occurrence of the zebra mussel (Dreissena polymorpha) and coypu (Myocastor coypu)	 species usually associated to disturbed environments. The Japanese kelp (Undaria pinnatifida) was generally distributed much closer to ports than the other two marine organisms	 although insufficient information on human impacts prevented a correct assessment of the three marine species. In conclusion	 this study shows how socio-economic development is associated with the presence of the top 10 worst European invasive species at a continental scale	 and relates this fact to the provision and transport of propagules and the degradation of natural habitats that favour the establishment of invasive species.															
AB Increasing nutrient levels in lakes contribute to environmental problems such as overgrowth and eutrophication. Decreasing soil nutrient levels in organic farming systems result in reduced plant growth. During July and August	" nutrient concentration in aboveground parts of the widely distributed aquatic plant common reed (Phragmites australis) is relatively high. The purpose of this work was to identify and analyse technical and logistic systems useful in removing reed biomass from the lake and using it as nutrient supply in organic crop production. The area studied for reed harvest was limited to the ""Kallandsundet"" drainage basin in Sweden. 160 ha are scheduled for harvesting each year."																													
AB The role of epistatic effects in the determination of complex traits is often underlined but its significance in the prediction of pigmentation phenotypes has not been evaluated so far. The prediction of pigmentation from genetic data can be useful in forensic science to describe the physical appearance of an unknown offender	 victim	 or missing person who cannot be identified via conventional DNA profiling. Available forensic DNA prediction systems enable the reliable prediction of several eye and hair colour categories. However	 there is still space for improvement. Here we verified the association of 38 candidate DNA polymorphisms from 13 genes and explored the extent to which interactions between them may be involved in human pigmentation and their impact on forensic DNA prediction in particular. The model-building set included 718 Polish samples and the model-verification set included 307 independent Polish samples and additional 72 samples from Japan. In total	 29 significant SNP-SNP interactions were found with 5 of them showing an effect on phenotype prediction. For predicting green eye colour	 interactions between HERC2 rs12913832 and OCA2 rs1800407 as well as TYRP1 rs1408799 raised the prediction accuracy expressed by AUC from 0.667 to 0.697 and increased the prediction sensitivity by > 3%. Interaction between MC1R'R' variants and VDR rs731236 increased the sensitivity for light skin by > 1% and by almost 3% for dark skin colour prediction. Interactions between VDR rs1544410 and TYR rs1042602 as well as between MC1R`R' variants and HERC2 rs12913832 provided an increase in red/non-red hair prediction accuracy from an AUC of 0.902-0.930. Our results thus underline epistasis as a common phenomenon in human pigmentation genetics and demonstrate that considering SNP-SNP interactions in forensic DNA phenotyping has little impact on eye	 hair and skin colour prediction. (c) 2014 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.																								
AB Objective: The aim of this study was to describe treatment outcomes for multi-drug resistant tuberculosis (MDR-TB) outpatients on a standardized regimen in Nepal.																														
AB Objectives. Cervical intraepithelial neoplasias (CIN) associated with high-risk (HR) human papillomavirus infection	 in addition to HR-HPV typing need other viral marker testing to distinguish a subset of lesions with clinical relevant infections. This study has evaluated the significance of viral markers	 such as viral load	 physical status and E2/E6 ratio	 to stratify HPV16 infected women at a single point in time for grade of cervical lesions.																										
AB Understanding factors that influence and predict grizzly bear (Ursus arctos) distribution and abundance is fundamental to their conservation. In southeast British Columbia	 Canada	 we applied DNA hair-trap sampling (1) to evaluate relationships of grizzly bear detections with landscape variables of habitat and human activity	 and (2) to model the spatial distribution and abundance of grizzly bears. During 1996-1998	 we sampled grizzly bear occurrence across 5	496 km(2) at sites distributed according to grid cells. We compared 244 combinations of sampling sites and sessions where grizzly bears were detected (determined by nDNA analyses) to 845 site-sessions where they were not. We tested for differences in 30 terrain	 vegetation	 land cover	 and human influence variables at 3 spatial scales. Grizzly bears more often were detected in landscapes of relatively high elevation	 steep slope	 rugged terrain	 and low human access and linear disturbance densities. These landscapes also were comprised of more avalanche chutes	 alpine tundra	 barren surfaces	 burned forests	 and less young and logged forests. Relationships with forest productivity and some overstory species were positive at broader scales	 while associations with forest overstory and productivity were negative at the finest scale. At the finest scale	 the strong negative association with very young	 logged forests and with increasing values of the Landsat-derived green vegetation index became positive when analyzed in a multivariate context. For multivariate analyses	 we considered 2 variables together with 11 principal components that describe ecological gradients among 4 variable groupings. We applied multiple logistic regression and used AIC to rank and weight competing subset models. We derived coefficients for interpretation and prediction using multi-model inference. The resulting function was highly predictive	 which we confirmed against an independent dataset. We transformed the output using a multi-annual population estimate for the sampling area	 and we applied the resulting grizzly bear density and distribution model across our greater study area as a strategic-level planning tool. We discuss conservation applications and design considerations of this DNA-based approach for grizzly bears and other forest-dwelling species.									
AB Background: The prevalence of adult obesity is escalating in most wealthy and middle income countries. Due to the magnitude of this issue	 research and interventions at the individual-level abound. However	 the limited success and high costs of such interventions has led to a growing recognition of the potential role of environmental factors in reducing o																												
