"AB With Baosteel Zhanjiang Iron & Steel Co., Ltd. as the subject investigated, the green logistics activity, which is composed of 4 factors as green product designing, receiving & distribution, warehousing and packaging of green logistics, and the logistics performance, which mainly consists of logistics expense and customer service satisfaction, and mainly discusses the relation between the green logistics activity of an enterprise and the logistics expense reduction and customer's satisfaction for logistics service in order to help the enterprise to understood the significance of green logistics activity and to make suggestions for realizing green sustainable development, reducing logistics expenses, improving customer service level and enhancing customer satisfaction for the enterprise."
"AB With the increasing demand of the whole society for improving the ecological environment and improving the efficiency of resource utilization, the application and development of green logistics in the offshore oil logistics industry is becoming more and more urgent. Based on this, this paper first studies the basic concept and application of green logistics, then analyzes the necessity, current situation and existing problems of the development of green logistics in the offshore oil logistics industry, and finally gives the countermeasures and measures for the development of green logistics in the offshore oil logistics industry."
"AB With the enhancement of people's awareness of environmental protection, the green logistics of e-commerce enterprises will become the trend of logistics development. In order to comprehensively analyze the economic benefits of the green logistics ecosystem of e-commerce enterprises, this paper puts forward the research methods of constructing and evaluating the green logistics ecosystem of e-commerce in China. The green logistics ecological system of China's e-commerce, which is composed of green production, green marketing, green consumption, green logistics and environment is constructed, and the characteristics of enterprises, government, consumers and the public in the system are analyzed. On this basis, the evaluation index system of the ecological system is constructed by using analytic hierarchy process and fuzzy comprehensive evaluation method, and the economic benefit of green logistics ecosystem in China's e-commerce is evaluated. The results show that the proposed method can effectively evaluate the economic benefits of China's e-commerce green logistics ecosystem. After enterprises use the green logistics ecosystem, the overall economic benefits are evaluated very well, and the method has high evaluation efficiency and accuracy."
"AB With increasing global warming and environmental degradation, green and low-carbon development modes have been increasingly widely accepted worldwide. This paper investigates the factors influencing green coal logistics by considering China's large and medium-sized coal enterprise groups as the questionnaire survey object, and it empirically explores the effects of these influence factors on the willingness to implement green coal logistics using a structural equation model. The results show that (1) internal motivation, support of external conditions and related subject influences have positive influences on the willingness to implement green coal logistics indirectly by promoting the general benefits, (2) internal barriers exert negative influences on the willingness to implement green coal logistics indirectly by driving the general benefits, (3) factors with positive influence, from strong to weak, are internal motivations, support of external conditions and related subject influences, and it turns out that the general benefits of green logistics has significantly positive effects on the willingness to implement green logistics, and (4) the policy system could directly affect the willingness to implement green logistics, which does not occur through the green logistics benefits. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB This paper explores shippers' (i.e. logistics buyers) and logistics service providers' (LSPs) perceptions of green concerns under diverse contractual settings during the key phases of the logistics purchasing process: request for proposal, negotiations, contracting and execution. Accordingly, it derives recommendations that could increase the actors' inter- and- intra-organisational alignment on green targets throughout these phases. Empirical data are obtained from eight individual cases of three shippers and five LSPs, representing the buyer/seller roles within logistics arrangements. Contrary to previous literature holding the view that setting more green demands by shippers would guarantee green outcomes, the findings show that shippers' green demands may hinder green logistics applications due to impediments to LSPs' asset-sharing strategies. Also, a deadlock situation is revealed in the negotiations phase, where both actors await each other to introduce additional demands/offers-calling for further regulatory intervention to release this deadlock. Moreover, this paper shows how a mismatch of interests in contractual periods between shippers and LSPs can obstruct green investments-signalling that the green criterion is not the decisive factor in shaping shippers' outsourcing strategies. The findings also stress a lack of follow-up efforts by shippers on green measures that were specified pre-contract, attributing this to contrasting intra-organisational objectives within shippers' firms. This paper contributes to the green logistics purchasing literature by revealing how different contractual settings play an important role in shaping shippers'/LSPs' perceptions of green concerns during the logistics purchasing process. Further, it is one of the first studies to provide phase-specific recommendations to increase the actors' alignment on green targets."
"AB Recently, the environmental issue caused by logistics of agricultural products has attracted a great deal of attention. In order to solve the problem, much of work focuses on green logistics to decrease environmental pollution. However, the green logistics evaluation system of agricultural products is insufficient. Therefore, establishing a reasonable green logistics evaluation system for agricultural products plays a key role in the development of green agricultural products. In this work, domestic and international environmental factors which affect the development of the green logistics of agricultural products are analyzed based on reduction, reuse, and recycling principle of circular economy. In addition, a series of evaluation indicators for green logistics of agricultural products are developed. A fuzzy analytic hierarchy process method is proposed to make a comprehensive evaluation for green logistics of agricultural products based on evaluation indicators. The method combined analytic hierarchy process and fuzzy theory, where a fuzzy transformation operator is introduced. The proposed method is applied for decision-maker in view of knowledge management. In order to verify the applicability of approach, the approach is applied to green logistics of Shandong agricultural products."
"AB As an industry with high energy consumption and low efficiency, cold chain logistics has been criticized by people for its lack of environmental protection. In order to realize the sustainable development of cold chain logistics in resource utilization, the integration of green supply chain management concept provides a huge possibility for cold chain logistics to reach the standard of green environmental protection. This study analyzes the current situation of cold chain logistics in China by elaborating the related theoretical concepts of green supply chain and cold chain logistics, points out the defects of domestic cold chain logistics in its own system, technical management and backward facilities, and further analyzes the main factors affecting cold chain logistics based on green supply chain from two aspects of green environmental protection and cold chain logistics. Finally, the paper puts forward suggestions for the development of cold chain logistics, and analyzes the improvement strategies from the perspectives of government and cold chain logistics enterprises. This research is of great significance to the development of domestic cold chain logistics and to reduce the gap between China and foreign countries."
"AB Stakeholders in the logistics industry have growing concern about the damage caused by logistics operations to the environment. Logistics service providers (LSPs) have taken steps to pursue environmental objectives by involving customers in their operations. This study defines greening propensity (GP) as ""involvement of customers to perform logistics activities to achieve environmental performance"". We analyze survey data collected from the logistics industry in Hong Kong to address the following questions: What are the categories of greening capability in LSPs? What are the performance outcomes of LSPs' greening capability? Theoretical contributions and implications of the study results are discussed. (C) 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Purpose The study explores the role of green human capital in the implementation of green logistics practices to build green competitiveness and achieve improved social performance and financial performance. Design/methodology/approach This study employs structured questionnaires to gather data from 152 managers from manufacturing small and medium enterprises in Ghana. The data are analyzed and the hypotheses are tested using the partial least square structural equation modeling. Findings The findings reveal that green human capital does have significant influence on financial performance. However, green human capital does not have significant influence on social performance and green competitiveness. Besides, green logistics practices significantly improve social performance, financial performance and green competitiveness. Green logistics practices mediate the relationship between green human capital and green competitiveness, social performance and financial performance. Hence, green human capital influences the successful implementation of green logistics practices, which results in building stronger green competitiveness and better social and financial performances. Originality/value This paper is among the dearth of studies that examine the role of green human capital in the implementation of sustainable supply chain practices. This study pioneers the exploration of the role of green human capital in the implementation of green logistics practices to improve social performance, financial performance and green competitiveness among manufacturing SMEs in sub-Saharan Africa. Besides, the study's findings expand literature by providing new insights into the effect between green logistics practices, financial performance, social performance and green competitiveness from Ghanaian SMEs."
"AB End distribution has always been an obstacle in logistics operations. This paper finds that intelligent logistics can have the functions of visualization, prediction, control and decision-making through the rational use of big data and artificial intelligence technologies. At the same time, this paper combines the sustainable development concept of green logistics to further study the green vehicle routing problem based on traffic flow. Intelligent logistics systems help control costs, improve energy efficiency, reduce carbon emissions, and improve customer satisfaction."
"AB This study aims to study green logistics managing potential and the preparedness of auto parts industries in Thailand. The statistical analysis is to identify factors with confirmatory factor analysis; one-way ANOVA is used to define relative factors affecting green logistics development of auto parts industries in Thailand. It can predict the results using multinomial logit modeling. The study suggests that factors affecting green logistics managing potential and the preparedness of auto parts industries in Thailand are environmental operations, internal green supply chain management, and external green supply chain management."
"AB The influential factors of green logistics development have been an important research topic for academics. However, little attention has been devoted to studying the issue of the prioritization and the hierarchical structure of these factors. The purpose of this study is to identify the key factors influencing the development of green logistics, and to explore the prioritization and the hierarchical structure of the influential factors. An indicator system for influential factors of green logistics development is first developed based on the theory of triple bottom line, including sixteen indicators or factors. The comprehensive influences and the prioritization of these sixteen factors are then analyzed using the DEMATEL method and the multi-level hierarchical structure of these factors is constructed by applying the ISM method. The results indicate that government policies, public supports, laws and regulations, green education, green technology innovations, consumer green demands, quantity and quality of green logistics talents are more influential than the other factors. Social factors including laws and regulations and government policies, public supports and green education are the underlying factors affecting the development of green logistics. Economic factors are at the middle levels and environmental factors are at the surface-level of the hierarchical structure. Recommendations are finally given to governmental agencies and business firms. These findings will be beneficial to promoting the sustainable development of green logistics."
"AB Environmental sustainability of operations is an increasing concern and there are many paths for addressing this matter. On Logistics, Green Logistic or Ecologistic is still recent and lacks ripening to handle with its environmental impacts. Its conceptual body and ways of application are not clear yet. In addition, there is often a misconception with other terms, like Reverse Logistic. This paper aims make Green Logistics concepts clear, and driving to its practice. As research method, Systematic Review of literature and Bibliometrics were conducted. Beyond conceptualization, this paper brings a brief historic of the theme, identifies technologies and strategies for application and report case studies."
"AB The location problem of logistics park is the basis of logistics network planning. The establishment of conventional logistics park location planning model requires consideration of multiple factors, including position relationships between site selection points and demand points, economic cost, service efficiency, and consumer satisfaction. 'Green development concept' gradually leads the trend of social and economic development in the contemporary world. The green logistics park emerges as the requirement of era. There are obvious differences between the site selection rules and the location demand of the green logistics park with the conventional logistics park. On the basis of analyzing the evaluation indexes of green logistics park and the factors affecting the site selection, this article builds a single-objective decision model based on the comprehensive cost. The model sets transportation cost and environment cost as the objective function. In addition, according to the constraints of location and quantity of the proposed logistics park, the model is divided into four parts to refine, and the solving process based on hybrid particle algorithm and alternate location allocation heuristic algorithm is given. The model and algorithm are feasible by analyzing the numerical example. Finally, the green logistics park site selection scheme is designed. The location model that considers the single comprehensive cost target provides a simple and feasible decision method for the green logistics park location."
"AB The logistics industry around the world has proliferated over recent years as a large number of business organizations have come to recognize the importance of logistics. Cost control used to be emphasized to remain competitive, but recently green logistics has gained attention with the awareness of the integration of economy and society as a whole. Nowadays, green logistics is a useful concept to improve the sustainability of logistics operations, and its related policies and theoretical research have been investigated and explored. However, the practical applications of green logistics are impeded by real-time data sharing, which is common in the logistics industry. Blockchain technology is adopted to address this challenge and enable data sharing among related stakeholders. This paper presents a reference framework for green logistics based on blockchain to reach the sustainable operations of logistics, with the integration of the Internet of Things and big data. Finally, potential benefits and limitations are analyzed when implementing this framework."
"AB Background: The objective of this research is to identify the relationship between green logistics operations, national economic and environmental indicators in a panel of 42 selected global ranked logistics countries over the period from 2007 to 2018. The study aims to expand the domain of green logistics from the micro/firm level to the macro level."
"AB The significance of global green logistics in improving green economic activities is a critically considered and debatable research topic in the context of economic growth and environment. This study aims to analyze the growth and environmental effects of green logistics performance for One Belt and Road Initiative (OBRI) countries over the period 2007-2019. The study used panel data two-stage least squares (2SLS) and generalized method of moments (GMM) estimators with robust inferences. The findings have revealed that green logistics performance improves the economic growth in OBRI, Europe, and MENA economies. While green logistics performance enhances the environmental pollution in OBRI, Central Asia, and MENA economies, it significantly improves the environmental quality in Europe and East and Southeast Asia regions. The control variables have also importance in economic growth and environment in policy implication in OBRI and five sub-regions of OBRI economies. Based on these findings, we can conduct some robust green logistics policies in OBRI."
"AB This study contributes to the discussion in that, the study integrates reverse logistics, closed-loop logistics, green logistics and environmental logistics in a review and presents a generic conceptual model for understanding the implementation process of environmental practices in logistics. However, little effort has been reviewed on environmental concerns in logistics such as reverse logistics, green logistics, closed-loop logistics/supply chain and environmental logistics. The 2009-2018 data was collected from the Scopus and Web of Science. The metadata analysis reveals descriptive information such as influential authors, journals, subject area, top publishing countries, most common words used in the titles etc. The content analysis reveals the development of four broad classifications of the extant literature, namely concept and theory development, drivers and barriers, presentation of optimisation models and assessment and evaluation."
"AB Recently, logistics platforms that facilitate interaction and the exchange and transaction of information have quickly emerged in the Korean domestic market. In order to further advance the development of logistics platforms into green logistics platforms in which participation in the early stages is not active, appropriate checks and balances are needed so that service providers, users, and platform operators can grow together in green logistics platforms. The purpose of this study is to empirically verify the factors affecting participants' intentions to use green logistics platforms. Out of the 230 questionnaires distributed from 25 June to 11 July 2019, 14 were excluded from analyses due to unsatisfactory responses, while 216 responses were used for statistical processing. The structural equation model (SEM) was used to test hypotheses in this research. The results showed that the network effect and security factors influenced perceived usefulness, and trust did not affect perceived usefulness. Perceived usefulness also significantly influenced the intention to use green logistics platforms. The results of this study present strategies and directions for the future development of green logistics platforms."
"AB The aim of the study is to identify the green consumption values and production patterns and understand how they impact consumer behaviour and purchase intention of green consumers, in particular, the environment-conscious youth in the city of Bangalore. The focus of the study is on the pre-purchase sustainable logistics of food products and how they impact behaviour and attitudes of green consumers. The theory of planned behaviour and social cognitive theory form the theoretical base for the current research. An online survey was conducted among 284 participants in and around the scope area. Confirmatory factor analysis and structural equation modelling were used to test the hypotheses. The results showed that green consumption values and consumer attitudes towards sustainable food logistics either directly or indirectly influence green purchase intention and environmentally conscious behaviour towards food products. The main contribution of this study is the identification of new multidimensional constructs which can be used to measure green consumer attitude in terms of sustainable food logistics practices in the Indian context. These findings will empower managers and future researchers to understand how sustainable food logistics practices can create green consumer attitudes. They will also assist food production companies to identify possible opportunities, developments and other benefits they can derive from following sustainable food logistics practices."
"AB The implementation of green logistics can reduce increasingly serious environmental damage while improving the operating efficiency of logistics enterprises. In this article, through quantitative calculation of logistics negative external costs, including traffic accidents, atmospheric pollution, noise pollution, and pollution caused by packaging, we build accounting standards to calculate the negative external costs of logistics enterprises that generate pollution mainly from transportation and packaging. Then, assuming the impetus provided by the government implementing incentive mechanisms in a free market economy, we establish a Logistics Negative External Cost Internalization model. This model quantitatively analyzes the relationships among freight rate, freight volume, investment of enterprise for implementing green logistics, and the subsidies given by government, under the comparison of the two modes enterprise operates first and government subsidizes first.The results show that the introduction of the government subsidizes first incentive mechanism and increasing freight rate are helpful in promoting the process of logistics market greening."
"AB In view of the difficulty, high cost and complex technology of pharmaceutical logistics green transformation, based on the idea of green supply chain, three different government subsidy strategies for green logistics were proposed. Firstly, by constructing a Stackelberg game model with pharmaceutical logistics provider as the leader and manufacturer as the followers, the behavior selection and optimal decisions of the participants under the anarchic subsidy strategy, the single subsidy strategy of the pharmaceutical logistics provider, the single subsidy strategy of the pharmaceutical manufacturer and the coordinated subsidy strategy are analyzed respectively. Furthermore, the effects of different subsidy strategies on the green investment and strategy selection of logistics provider and manufacturer are compared. Finally, according to the research results, the paper provides reference and suggestions for the formulation of government subsidy strategy. The results show that the three subsidy strategies have different degrees of incentive effect on the green transformation of pharmaceutical logistics, and the single logistics provider subsidy strategy is the best."
"AB The aim of this study is to examine the association between national economic and environmental indicators with green logistics performance in a time series data of UK since 1981 to 2016. The research used autoregressive distributed lag method to understand the long-run and short-run relationships of national scale economic (foreign direct investment (FDI) inflows, per capita income) and environmental indicators (total greenhouse gases, fossil fuel, and renewable energy) on green logistics. In the short run, the research findings indicate that the green logistics and renewable energy have positive relationship, while fossil fuel is negatively correlated with green logistics operations. On the other hand, in the long run, the results show that FDI inflows, renewable energy sources, and per capita income have statistically significant and positive association with green logistics activities, while foreign investments attracted by environmental friendly policies and practices adopted in global logistics operations, which not only increase the environmental sustainability but also enhance economic activities with greater export opportunities in the region."
"AB Green logistics policies (GLP) are essential to the progress of green logistics, the promotion of green growth, and the fulfillment of sustainable development. However, as the uncertainty and ambiguity of factors that influence the implementation of GLP, it is urgent to explore and reveal the antecedents and functional mechanism of the effectiveness of GLP. This study adopts grounded theory method to conduct in-depth interviews, and concludes that five major factors, such as the perfection of GLP system, the green governance capacity of government, the level of perception of logistics enterprises on GLP, the level of social supervision, and the development level of logistics industry, which influence the effectiveness of GLP. And then presents the integrated model of antecedents of the effectiveness of GLP, revealing the influence path and internal mechanism of these influencing factors. It is of great significance to enhancing the effectiveness of GLP, upgrading green logistics, and achieving the green development. (C) 2020 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB This study aims to identify the main practices of green logistic considered in national and international academic literature. Using standard techniques for selection of previous studies, this study firts presents the definition of green logistic term in order to differentiate it from other concepts commonly treated similarly, as circular economy, the green chain management (GSCM), the reverse logistics and the environmental certifications (ISO 14001), to obtain clarity about their delimitations, scopes and depth. The study also organizes a taxonomy that involves different functional areas of the company, giving direction to the sustainable conduct, resulting in nine components of green logistic that serve as subsidy for the classification of the identified practices. Based on this conceptual definition and taxonomy, lists 112 practices of green logistic, among which 85 are enterprise ambit, 24 governmental and 3 towards consumers. Regarding the quantity of identified practices and the number of citations, both in business sphere as well as in governmental, the most representative part is related to green Among the most cited practices are the search by more efficient deliveries, using intermodal and multimodal transport that are less polluting and the programming and optimization of flows deliveries. The survey also revealed that although the concept of green logistics is consolidated in the literature, the majority of studies, especially the empirical, concentrates on some of its components, in particular transport and reverse logistic."
"AB The first part of this paper presents the review on most authoritative studies in the field of sustainable development and green logistics, as well as a new approach to achieve the goals of sustainable development in the operation of logistics and transport systems. The second part reflects the results of systematisation of methods and instruments of green logistics, used to achieve the goals of sustainable development. The application of the presented approach to achieving the goals of sustainable development could form the balanced programs to raise environmental performance and effectiveness of supply chains' operation, and systemic implementation of methods and instruments of green logistics will provide achieving the goals of sustainable development."
"AB In order to study how to effectively green the logistics capability, we establish a Stackelberg game model of logistics service demand side and logistics service provider. Taking the logistics service provider as the leading factor, this paper analyzes the coordination effect of revenue-sharing contract, cost-sharing contract and combination contract of revenue-sharing contract and cost-sharing contract on the enthusiasm of logistics service providers to rebuild green logistics capability. At the same time, the impact of different contracts on the wholesale price of unit logistics capacity, the price of unit products and the enforceability of the combination contract are discussed. The research results show that the single contract cannot achieve the optimal green level of logistics capability, the combination contract can effectively coordinate the green level of logistics capability and the wholesale price of logistics capacity and the market price of products have been improved. However, the combination contract is unfavorable to the profit of the demand side of the logistics service, and the government financial subsidy is needed to promote the execution of the combination contract."
"AB Nowadays, the reduction of the harmful effect on the environment is one of the essential state-level and international challenges. The solution of this problem lies in a worldwide use of concepts and principles of sustainable development, but also in transport and logistics performance by principles and methods of green logistics. The first part of the paper presents the review of the most authoritative studies in the field of sustainable development and green logistics. The second part of the article reflects the original approach to achieving the goals of sustainable development in the operation of logistics and transport systems based on the harmonisation of economic purposes and principles of logistics with principles of sustainable development that are reached through the systematisation of reviewed methods and instruments of logistics."
"AB In the context of China's supply-side structural reform and the concept of green development, we introduce the energy and environmental factors into the analytical framework of the total factor productivity (TFP) of the logistics industry and use the Global Malmquist-Luenberger index method to analyze the evolution trend and heterogeneity of green TFP in the logistics industry of 30 provinces (cities and districts) in China from 2003 to 2017. The results show that, firstly, the green TFP and traditional TFP of China's logistics industry are both on the rise and the absence of energy and environmental factors will lead to the overestimation of TFP of the logistics industry. Whether it is green TFP or traditional TFP, the main source of its growth is technical progress. Secondly, there is obvious regional heterogeneity in green TFP of logistics industry. Under the three regional division standards, the average annual growth rate of green TFP is from high to low in the order of eastern, western, and central regions. Under the eight regional classification standards, the eastern coastal economic zone, the southern coastal zone, the northern coastal zone, the northeast region, the middle reaches of the Yellow River, the southwest region, the middle reaches of the Yangtze River, and the northwest region are in order from high to low. Thirdly, there is obvious interprovincial heterogeneity in green TFP of the logistics industry. The highest growth rate of green TFP is in Zhejiang, followed by Jiangsu and Guangdong, and the slowest growth rate is in Chongqing. The technical progress of logistics industry in most provinces contributes more to the growth of green TFP. Fourthly, the differences of green TFP in the three regions of the east, center, and west are shrinking, which may be sigma convergence, but the differences among the three regions are expanding. Compared with the existing literature, this paper applies the measurement framework of green TFP to China's logistics industry and investigates the regional and provincial heterogeneity of green TFP in logistics industry. The conclusions are significant to understand and grasp the heterogeneity of green TFP growth in China's logistics industry under environmental constraints and how to promote the development of green logistics in China."
"AB Background: This study is for examining the association between green logistics, energy demand, renewable energy consumptions, environmental performance and sustainable economic development in a panel of nineteen developed economies around the globe over the period from 2008 - 2017. In addition, the article expands domain of green logistics from firm level to country level and also connects national scale economic indicators with green logistical performance."
"AB The needs related to natural environment protection, which are accentuated both in world literature and practice, became the main prerequisite to find new management concepts enabling the development of solutions which are environmentally responsible and economically effective at the same time. One of the concepts which can be an answer for the requirements related to environment protection is the 'green logistics' concept. The literature review shows that publications referring to the development of 'green logistics' have so far focused primarily on the processes of implementation and development of 'green logistics' in large enterprises. In other words, the reviewed research studies didn't take into account the specific nature of the SME sector, which is a very important factor considering its diversity and, most of all, its high significance and size in the economy. As a consequence, a research gap related to the development of 'green logistics' among small and medium-sized enterprises was identified. To explore the identified research gap, a survey among 200 SMEs running their businesses in Poland was conducted. On the basis of the conducted research, it was revealed that SMEs' activities related to environment protection when running logistics processes are mostly determined by actual legal provisions. However, this amounts to enterprises reaching a certain minimum related to the state's environmental policy. On the other hand, it's worth emphasising the role of the supply chain leader, which becomes a strong driving force for implementing 'green' solutions in the area of logistics for enterprises with higher levels of `green logistics' development. The research results can be a starting point for creating a model illustrating the development of 'green logistics' in the SME sector."
"AB 'Sustainability' and 'going green' have become buzzwords in today's business world. In logistics, greening up in a sustainable way in the future suggests the need to identify innovative measures that go beyond merely reducing carbon emissions. The purpose of this article was to explore managerial perceptions on green logistics barriers, applications and the importance of green logistics in Zimbabwean small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs). A qualitative research approach that utilised semi-structured interviews to collect data from five SME managers and one government official was used. Using a thematic deductive line-by-line content analysis approach, this article principally found that internal barriers such as costs, lack of resources and knowledge are major barriers impeding the adoption and application of green logistics in Zimbabwean SMEs. Poor infrastructure and roads were reported to be the common external barriers of green logistics adoption in SMEs. The article also found that most of the participant SMEs in Zimbabwe were not yet applying green logistics, although some were striving towards practising packaging optimisation, warehousing, inventory management optimisation, along with transport optimisation and efficiency (particularly, route optimisation and fuel efficiency). From the themes, the study found that green logistics is important to the few environmentally conscious SMEs. The importance of green logistics identified were the creation of brand loyalty, good brand image, the possibility of attracting government support, cost saving, as well as improving the firm's profitability in the long run. Conclusions were drawn and recommendations to both firms and government were made."
"AB Widespread adoption of green vehicles in urban logistics may contribute to the alleviation of problems such as environmental pollution, global warming, and oil dependency. However, the current adoption of green vehicles in the last mile logistics is relatively low despite many actions taken by public authorities to overcome the negative externalities of distributing goods in cities. This paper presents a comprehensive literature review on studies investigating the adoption of green vehicles in urban freight transportation, paying specific attention to e-commerce. To shed light on the adoption of green vehicles in city logistics, the paper conducts a systematic review of the empirical literature on the topic. The 159 articles reviewed were classified into the following: (a) Optimization and scheduling (67 papers); (b) policy (55 papers); (c) sustainability (37 papers). Among the 159 articles, a further selection of 17 papers dealing with e-commerce, i.e., studies that highlight the most relevant aspects related to the integration of green vehicles in e-commerce urban logistics, was performed. Our findings indicate that green vehicles are competitive in urban deliveries characterized by frequent stop-and-go movements and low consolidation levels while incentives are still necessary for their adoption. The use of autonomous vehicles results the most promising and challenging solution for last-mile logistics."
"AB This paper provides a systematic review of published research on lean logistics, green logistics and the combination of both paradigms. Although prior research on all three topics exists, only a few have focused on the field of logistics as such. The present analysis comprises an examination of 98 scientific articles from 35 international journals, published between the years 1994 and 2015. The published studies are classified by next divisions: journal, paradigm, time distribution, research stream and sector-wise focus. Although key findings indicate that over the last couple of years research on all three topics has increased, a research gap regarding the studies of lean and green logistics when combined, has been identified. For all three topics the domination in research typology has been extracted. The findings indicate that most papers examined on the topic of lean logistics come from the manufacturing industries, whereas for the topic green logistics and a combination of green and lean topics no specific sector was identified."
"AB Economic globalization promotes industrial division and forms a large stream of products between countries all over the world, which leads to serious environmental problems. The purpose of this study is to explore the relationship between green logistics and international trade. Heckman's two-stage procedure is employed to estimate an augmented gravity model that specifically includes green logistics variables with the data of 113 countries and regions over the period between 2007-2014. The findings show that the logistics performance index (LPI) of exporting and importing countries are positively correlated with trade volume, and that the LPI of exporting countries positively affects trade probability. Taking the entire sample into account, the green logistics performance of exporting countries positively affects export probability and volume. For trade flows between developing-developing countries, developed-developed countries, and developed-developing countries, the green logistics performance of importing countries has a negative impact on the export volume of exporting countries. In terms of trade flow between developing-developed countries, the green logistics performance of importing countries has a negative impact on export probability and a positive impact on export volume. The present research results will assist governments and exporters in understanding the relationship between green logistics and international trade, and help improve their policies and green operations toward sustainable development."
"AB This study primarily assesses a conceptual model that links green logistics management practices with social, environmental, market and financial performances to examine its capability in achieving sustainable performance. The study examines the direct influence of green logistics management practices on environmental, social, market and financial performances. Further, the mediating effects of environmental performance, social performance and market performance between green logistics management practices and financial performance are examined. The study uses dataset gathered from 240 firms across three industries (entertainment, manufacturing and logistics) using structured questionnaires. The structural equation modelling partial least square (Smartpls software 3.2.8) is used to simultaneously test both the direct and indirect relationships between the variables. The results indicate that green logistics management practices has significant positive influence on environmental performance while it insignificantly influences social, market and financial performances. Besides, environmental performance mediates green logistics management practices and financial, social and market performances, while social performance fails to mediate the influence of both green logistics management practices and environmental performance on financial performance. This study expands literature by obtaining the results for the conceptual model and dealing with the implication from the Ghanaian perspective, which is a lower middle-income economy to strike a balance between knowledge. The study reveals that the adoption of green logistics management practices has little influence on improving the social welfare and health of the society and employees while it improves financial performance through environmental and market performances. (C) 2020 Published by Elsevier Ltd."
"AB This paper aims to analyze the green efficiency performance of the logistics industry in China's 30 provinces from 2008 to 2017. We first evaluate the green efficiency of the logistics industry through the non-directional distance function method. Then, we use the functional clustering method funHDDC, which is one of the popular machine learning methods, to divide 30 provinces into 4 clusters and analyze the similarities and differences in green efficiency performance patterns among different groups. Further, we explore the driving factors of dynamic changes in green efficiency through the decomposition method. The main conclusions of this paper are as follows: (1) in general, the level of green efficiency is closely related to the geographical location. From the clustering results, we can find that most of the eastern regions belong to the cluster with higher green efficiency, while most of the western regions belong to the cluster with lower green efficiency. However, the green efficiency performance in several regions with high economic levels, such as Beijing and Shanghai, is not satisfactory. (2) Based on the analysis of decomposition results, the innovation effect of China's logistics industry is the most obvious, but the efficiency change still needs to be improved, and technical leadership should be strengthened. Based on these conclusions, we further propose some policy recommendations for the green development of the logistics industry in China."
"AB Forestry and wood-processing industry are sectors based on renewable ecological natural resources of wood raw material. Wood mass processing should be based on sustainable development, which involves the economic and social development based on environment preservation. Green logistics, which leads to change in creating the product value, characterizes different possibilities to measure and minimize the ecological impact of logistics activities and puts emphasis on sustainable ecological orientation, is closely related to sustainable development. The aim of this article is to investigate the issue of green logistics of forestry and wood processing in small and medium enterprises in Slovakia. To reach this goal, an empirical research was carried out, the objective of which was to determine the level of understanding, as well as the implementation of green logistics activities, and to identify its potential for future implementation in small and medium enterprises in selected branches. The research has revealed that as many as 28.8 % of enterprises claim not to have had any experience with green logistics within their enterprise. The greatest barrier for the implementation of green logistics appears to be the high input costs, which was confirmed by 62 % of the enterprises. On the basis of the research results, a model of implementation of green logistics concept in Slovak small and medium forestry and wood-processing enterprises has been proposed, as an element of sustainable development."
"AB As a crucial element of city planning, an adequately planned logistics center for agricultural products can improve the circulation efficiency of agricultural products, thereby contributing to a convenient lifestyle of urban residents. First, this study analyzed the functional zones of urban green logistics centers for agricultural products based on low-carbon idea. A method was also proposed to calculate the area of each functional zone. Moreover, this study proposed a layout planning innovation method of urban green logistics centers for agricultural products based on logistics motion line analysis and logistics intensity calculation. Lastly, this study analyzed the application processes of the layout planning methodology according to the topographical conditions of Huai'an logistics center project case in China. Results of the case study show that the construction innovation method proposed in this study is scientific, reasonable, and practical. The construction innovation method can be also used for the planning and designing of similar urban logistics centers."
"AB Current approaches in logistics are focused on sustainable development of enterprises and society. Small and medium enterprises (SMEs), in this case wood-processing enterprises, can achieve this goal by implementing green logistics strategies in business practice. The main objective of this paper is to propose an algorithm for the implementation of green logistics activities in wood-processing SMEs, through a survey aimed at analyzing the accelerators and barriers to implementation in business practice. The research has been evaluated via methods of testing the statistical hypothesis (binomial test, Chi-squared, Friedman test, Wilcoxon test), methods of descriptive statistics, and data visualization. The survey found that one of the most significant determinants for implementing green logistics activities in a wood-processing enterprise is a decrease in cost. Based on the performed analysis, a model for the implementation of green logistics activities for wood-processing SMEs was proposed that includes appropriate activities that ensure the sustainable development of wood-processing SMEs in Slovakia."
"AB This paper conducts an exploratory case study-based research in three companies to identify the main synergies and misalignments between Lean and Green in the context of a range of distribution networks operating globally, regionally and domestically. The research strategy applied by this study is exploratory multiple case studies in three companies, particularly in the road transport and logistics sector. Semi-structured interviews with 15 executives from three companies were conducted to identify activities within logistics operations leading to synergies and misalignment between Lean and Green practices. The outcome of the three cases shows that several improvements can be achieved by the simultaneous adoption of Lean and Green. The study contributes to the literature by extending the research in the logistics sector and providing examples from a wide variety of logistics operations on synergies and misalignments between Lean and Green practices. The findings and outcome of this study are a starting point for further research in the logistics sector."
"AB Green logistics is the part of the activities of an enterprise aimed at measuring and minimizing the impact of logistics activities on the environment. Such actions are dictated by the possibility of achieving a competitive advantage in the market, because clients require it. Transport is a particularly important area with a huge impact on the environment, because it is identified as the fastest growing source of greenhouse gas emissions. Green transport is low-emission and ecological travelling mode. The goals of green transport are not only to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, air pollution, noise and space use, but also to reduce poverty and promote economic growth. Transport is considered green when it supports environmental sustainability, but also supports the other two pillars of sustainable development, i.e. economic and social. This paper discusses the application of the concept of ""green"" logistics and ""green"" technologies in transport in the transportation process. The modem requirements for transport in the field of environmental safety and compliance with environmental requirements both on the part of customers and on the part of states are considered."
"AB In 2018, according to the National Transportation Confederation (CNT), the highway modal represents, approximately, 61% of the cargo transportation matrix, besides involving one to two thirds of the logistics costs. This is an important element for supply chains for the union of markets and the integration of regions and states. Also, according to Agencia Brasil, the transport sector contributes to a quarter of CO2 global emissions and has increased since 2000. In this sense, this exploratory study of the qualitative type, investigated environmental legislation as a contributing factor to the relationship between green logistics management and logistics and environmental performance in logistics operators, located in the region of Foz do Iguacu, PR. The study used in-depth interviews to collect data from a sample of 10 managers. The collected data, treated by content analysis, revealed that the environmental legislation was a factor that contributed to the green logistics management to attend logistic and environmental performances. Given this, we can infer the importance of environmental legislation to balance the cost efficiency of logistics operators and the preservation of the environment."
"AB An important antecedent for building a green supply chain are customer requirements. For the time being, however, it is unclear how the demands for providing reverse logistics services contribute to green supply chain building. The aim of the research was therefore to specify the degree of importance of reverse logistics services compared to typical services provided by the supplier during order fulfilment. Based on the survey of purchasing managers' attitudes in 100 food companies, reverse logistics services were found to have a significant role in the portfolio of services evaluated. Return of defective goods was evaluated as the most important reverse logistics service. At the same time, it was found that the perception of the importance of the services provided is affected by the item purchased. Reverse logistics services are more important when purchasing chemicals than when purchasing the main raw material. Thus, primary research has shown that the greatest opportunity to build a green supply chain will arise when purchasing items that inherently show environmental hazards."
"AB Centralized and one-way logistics services and the lack of real-time information of logistics resources are common in the logistics industry. This has resulted in the increased logistics cost, energy consumption, logistics resources consumption, and the decreased loading rate. Therefore, it is difficult to achieve efficient, sustainable, and green logistics services with dramatically increasing logistics demands. To deal with such challenges, a real-time information-driven dynamic optimization strategy for smart vehicles and logistics tasks towards green logistics is proposed. Firstly, an 'Internet of Things'-enabled real-time status sensing model of logistics vehicles is developed. It enables the vehicles to obtain and transmit real-time information to the dynamic distribution center, which manages value-added logistics information. Then, such information can be shared among logistics companies. A dynamic optimization method for smart vehicles and logistics tasks is developed to optimize logistics resources, and achieve a sustainable balance between economic, environmental, and social objectives. Finally, a case study is carried out to demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed optimization method. The results show that it contributes to reducing logistics cost and fuel consumption, improving vehicles' utilization rate, and achieving real-time logistics services with high efficiency. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Despite the increasing interest toward environmental issues in the freight transport and logistics service sector, a comprehensive and updated assessment of the existing literature is still missing. This paper aims to fill this gap by presenting the results of a systematic literature review of publications in the area of environmental sustainability in third-party logistics service providers (3PLs) between the years 2000 and 2016. The review offers insight into the critical dimensions of green matters in transport and logistics service companies using an analytical framework based on the following five topic areas: influencing factors, green actions and the impact on performance, Information and Communication Technology (ICT) tools supporting the green actions, energy efficiency in road freight transport and shipper's perspective and collaboration. The results indicate that, despite the number of published papers having grown significantly from 2008 onward, some areas remain highly under-researched such as ICT and performance measurement. Several research gaps have been identified in each topic area, and a set of propositions forming an agenda for future research directions has been suggested."
"AB This study proposes an optimization model that simultaneously incorporates the selection of logistics infrastructure investments and subsidies for green transport modes to achieve specific CO2 emission targets in a regional logistics network. The proposed model is formulated as a bi-level formulation, in which the upper level determines the optimal selection of logistics infrastructure investments and subsidies for green transport modes such that the benefit-cost ratio of the entire logistics system is maximized. The lower level describes the selected service routes of logistics users. A genetic and Frank-Wolfe hybrid algorithm is introduced to solve the proposed model. The proposed model is applied to the regional logistics network of Changsha City, China. Findings show that using the joint scheme of the selection of logistics infrastructure investments and green subsidies is more effective than using them solely. Carbon emission reduction targets can significantly affect logistics infrastructure investments and subsidy levels. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB The main goal of this research is to find out what are the apparel industry activities in the face of green perspective (environment-friendly perspective) in Germany and Turkey. The green perspective is an emerging idea and also has importance for the humanity and the universe. However it is obvious that the green perspective is very broad, it was decided to make this research in the field of supply chain management and the place of logistics in supply chain under the title of green perspective. In this context, a survey, face-to-face interviews were made with professionals in Germany and Turkey. These professionals were the managers who are taking part in the supply chain. In the conclusion part, German and Turkish companies' activities in the face of green perspective under the title of logistics were compared and evaluated."
"AB In a circular economy, an enterprise should pursue long-term business and economic opportunities for environmental and societal benefits. One of the critical issues in industries with a circular economy is the development of the reverse logistics system for semi-finished product packaging and shipping. There are several challenges while designing this system; for example, the use of reusable semi-finished product shipping boxes and a logistics system for shipping the products and returning these boxes. In this research, under the context of global manufacturing, a logistics system for reusable semi-finished product packaging in LCD panel industry is studied. The cost models of semi-finished product packaging in a traditional logistics mode and a green logistics mode are introduced. In the green logistics mode, the shipping boxes are redesigned to be reusable and capable of accommodating multiple various-sized panels simultaneously. The cost models involve material cost, shipping, and recycling cost. The economic performances of the traditional and green logistics modes at different package recycling levels are analyzed. The results show that the total cost of the green logistics mode is beneficial, always lower than that of the traditional logistics mode, even at a low recycling rate (30%). In addition, in the green mode, the material cost of shipping boxes is the most influential sector of the total cost."
"AB Purpose Green human resource management (GHRM) and sustainable green logistics (SGLOG) are some of the mechanisms by which sustainable corporate environmental management could be consummated. However, prior studies linking GHRM and green logistics are lacking in the literature. This paper extends prior efforts by developing a model linking GHRM and SGLOG. Design/methodology/approach An integrative review of extant literature on green human resource management and sustainable green logistics was conducted, and an integrative model developed. Findings Improving environmental performance is a key way that businesses can improve their corporate social responsibility and brand image. The resulting model includes expanded components of GHRM (training, development, compensation, awards and recognition, recruitment, and performance management) and of SGLOG (transportation and shipping, warehousing, packaging, and reverse logistics). Categories of shipping and transportation include the following facets: transportation intensity, modal split, emissions intensity, energy efficiency, and vehicle utilization efficiency. The model also highlights the mediating role of management and employee attitudes, knowledge, and skills in the GHRM-SGLOG link, as well as their interaction."
"AB The sales logistics of tea leaves is a process that organically integrates basic logistics activities, including transportation, storage, loading, unloading, carrying, packaging, distribution processing, delivery, and information processing. This process requires quick and accurate forecasting of the logistics demand in the green tea market and the provision of feedback to businesses and farming partners, revealing the need for a simple and accurate forecasting method. Responding to and solving the unclear information and limited data available regarding the green tea market are critical. Therefore, this study established a simple, quick, and accurate model through the use of time series and the technique for ordering preferences by similarity to the ideal solution. Finally, the actual logistics demand in the Nanjing green tea industry was employed to verify the proposed model's practicality and feasibility, which may provide a critical reference for relevant parties such as businesses and researchers."
"AB This article examines the association between green logistics operations, social, environmental and economic indicators of SAARC (South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation) countries. The research used GMM (Generalized Method of Moments) and FGLS (Feasible Generalized Least Squares) two methods to tackle the problems of heterogeneity, serial correlation and heteroskedasticity. The findings show that fossil fuel consumption is at the heart of logistics operations; the more fossil fuel and non-green energy resources that are used, the more negative effects on society and environmental sustain ability result from this. A lower quality of transport-related infrastructure and logistics services is negatively correlated with fossil fuel usage, carbon emissions, health expenditure, greenhouse gas emissions and political instability of SAARC countries. Conversely, efficient customs procedures and greater information sharing among supply chain partners increase trade opportunities and also improve environmental sustainability in terms of minimum carbon emissions due to the shorter waiting and queue times involved. Further, the application of green energy resources and green practices can mitigate negative effects on social and environmental sustainability due to better logistics operations while improving financial performance in terms of higher GDP per capita, trade openness and greater export opportunities around the globe. As there is very limited research using green practices relationship with macro-level indicators in current literature, this research will assist both practitioners and policymakers to understand the roles of green supply chain and green logistics in enhancing environmental sustain ability, social improvement and economic growth for a better future. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Concern for sustainability has become more intense among business practitioners due to increasing societal demand for environmental care. Product sellers nowadays cannot sustain themselves in the competitive market only from greening the manufacturing processes, but all parties across the supply chain are also driven to be 'green', even logistics service providers (LSPs). This study aims to provide insights into the initiation of green policies within logistics companies by investigating the significant factors that influence the adoption of green practices, along with the ranking orders of several green activities in terms of their contributions to two corporate goals: cost reduction and environmental protection. The results were based upon a questionnaire-based survey on 311 LSPs in Thailand. Interviews with industry experts were also employed to supplement the questionnaire data. Thailand, as one of Asia's manufacturing hubs, represents developing countries distributing products worldwide, and its logistics industry is growing rapidly. The results indicate that 'eco-driving' and 'vehicle routing' activities are more acknowledged and commonly conducted across the industry. The contributions of 'alternative energy' and 'modal shift' are also highly recognised by the practitioners, but a number of concerns still obstruct the implementation of these approaches. In terms of the antecedent factors, 'company size', 'financial status', 'service areas', 'pressure from customers', and 'organisational support' appear to be statistically significant for the level of green logistics implementation. The findings make a contribution to strategic decision making for LSPs who need to improve their environmental performance by initiating green projects. (C) 2018 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
AB Purpose The purpose of this paper is to test a theoretical framework that examines the relationship of green human capital availability in the adoption of reverse logistics practices and remanufacturing operations performance. Design/methodology/approach The conceptual framework for this study is drawn upon contingent resource based view theory. The hypotheses are tested by drawing 250 samples from automotive manufacturing firms operating in an emerging economy (South Africa) using questionnaires designed for a single respondent. The path modelling is performed using WarpPLS software. Findings Availability of green human capital is found to positively influence reverse logistics adoption and remanufacturing operations performance. Top management commitment exerts a moderating effect on the path availability of green human capital and reverse logistics adoption while it shows no-moderating effect on the path availability of green human capital and remanufacturing operations performance. Sustainability culture exerts a moderating effect on the path availability of green human capital and reverse logistics adoption. It also exerts a moderating effect on the path availability of green human capital and remanufacturing operations performance. Reverse logistics adoption is found to positively influence remanufacturing operations performance. Originality/value The results provide further understanding of human resource management in managing reverse logistics adoption and remanufacturing operations.
"AB Under the low-carbon background, with the aid of the Malmquist-Luenberger SBM (Slack-based Measure) model of unexpected output, the green total factor productivity (GTFP) of the logistics industry in Jiangsu Province, China, was measured and decomposed in this study based on the reality and experience of logistics industry development in 13 cities in three regions of Jiangsu Province in the years 2006-2018 by taking resource consumption into the input system and discharged pollutants into the output system. It is concluded that the environmental regulation (ER) has a significant positive effect on the growth of the GTFP of the logistics industry, and technological progress has become an important endogenous force that promotes the GTFP of the logistics industry in Jiangsu Province. On this basis, a dynamic GMM (Generalized method of moment) model and a Tobit model were constructed to further study the possible temporal and spatial effects of ER on the GTFP of the logistics industry. The research results reveal that the ER can exert both promoting and inhibitory effects on the GTFP of the logistics industry, and there is a temporal turning point for the effects. Besides, the effects notably differ spatially and temporally. Finally, some policies and advice for the green sustainable development of the logistics industry were proposed. For example, the government and enterprises should pay attention to the green and efficient development of the logistics industry and dynamically adjust the ER methods. They should consider the greening of both forward logistics links and reverse logistics system in the supply chain."
"AB Facing serious energy-related constraints and environmental stress, the development of the green logistics industry is restricted by degrees of logistics energy utilization and carbon emissions. Considering different logistics spatial distributions, this paper uses the degree of regional logistics energy utilization and the spatial distribution of carbon emissions as two indicators of green logistics to investigate the regional differences and changes in spatiotemporal logistics energy efficiency. We firstly measure the regional logistics in terms of energy consumption and carbon emission, then further measure the logistics by energy intensity and carbon intensity. Based on these four indicators, the relations between spatiotemporal logistics and regional logistics development are analyzed. Through studying the spatial and temporal evolution trends of the above indicators, we found that a certain convergence exists. Finally, based on the analysis, the suggestions for energy saving and emission reduction are proposed according to regional conditions. The results benefit to narrow the efficiency gap between regions and achieve the goal of improving logistics energy efficiency."
"AB Logistics performance plays an important role in green supply chain management that leads to environmental sustainability. The objective of this paper is to analyze the nexus between logistics performance and environmental degradation using data obtained from 42 Asian countries between 2007 and 2016. The system-generalized method of moment (GMM) regression model was used to investigate the data from Asian countries collectively and the four sub-regions of Asia. The estimates show that the logistics performance is significantly related to environmental degradation. International shipment in logistics performance index (LPI) significantly decreases CO2 emissions while timeliness of logistics significantly intensifies the CO2 emissions in Asian countries. Other sub-categories in LPI such as tracking and tracing, services quality and competence, infrastructure quality, and efficiency of customs also have a significant impact on the environment in different sub-regions of Asia. Industrialization and urbanization both increase CO2 emissions in Asian countries while trade openness decreases CO2 emissions. The results indicate a significant association between logistics performance and environment that accentuates the priorities on environmental sustainability and green supply chain management in Asian countries. (C) 2018 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB In this work, operational performance in the green supply chain management (SCM) of the Thai auto parts industry was investigated. A green supply chain performance measurement (GSPM) model was developed from the combination of various concepts including an SCM logistics scorecard, a supply chain operations reference model, a balance scorecard, and green supply chain management. The GSPM has been designed for use as a self-evaluation tool focusing on five decisive areas, or factors, and 28 sub-factors. A factor analysis was conducted using the survey results of the GSPM in order to identify significant factors that represent the green supply chain operation performance. Grouped as three major factors, namely green procurement, green transportation, and green manufacturing; reverse logistics and eco-design; and reuse and recycle of manufacturing, their significance and impact on the auto parts industry in Thailand were highlighted. Specifically, the factor of green procurement, green transportation, and green manufacturing, as major factor 1, in relation with the factor of reverse logistics and eco-design, as major factor 2, were found to have a strong positive relationship with the asset turnover ratio."
"AB Green agri-food supply chains are increasingly attracting research interest, owing to their potential capacity for resilience against recent crises (e.g., financial, COVID-19) as well as end-consumers' concerns on sustainability issues. In this context, this paper aims to explore the relationship between green supply chain management practices and three different performance aspects, namely, supply chain, green (environmental) and business performance, and controlling for environmental dynamism. Field research was conducted through a structured questionnaire contacted to 134 executives of firms in the agri-food sector in Greece. The results reveal that information sharing, logistics networking and transportation are the most powerful factors that impact sustainable, business and supply chain performance. In addition, green packaging is related to financial and social performance aspects. Interestingly, green warehousing and logistics emissions failed to establish any relationship with performance outcomes. The conclusions and recommendations drawn in the present study are expected to provide meaningful guidance for the supply chain decision-making process, as logistics managers are becoming increasingly aware of exploiting all available resources, knowhow and competitive advantages for attaining sustainable performance."
"AB This paper applies institutional theory to analyse the institutional pressures (regulatory, market, competitive) experienced by two actors within supply chains: shippers (i.e. logistics buyers) and logistics service providers (LSPs). Both actors are subject to institutional pressures to adopt green supply chain management practices, which could drive shippers to purchase green logistics services from LSPs, and LSPs to provide them. Also, the two actors are influenced by various factors that moderate the level of pressures on them and the responses they undertake. This study examines these pressures and moderators in detail to analyse how they influence green logistics purchasing/providing decisions. Empirical data were obtained from eight individual cases of three shippers and five LSPs. Accordingly, we compare these pressures and moderators based on the actors' different roles in the supply chain. The findings aim to contribute to advancing the theory through (i) incorporating the roles of the moderating factors and (ii) providing further applications within specific shipper-LSP contexts. Further, this paper aims to assist managers within shipper and LSP organisations by demonstrating how their firm and market characteristics moderate the pressures exerted on them to buy or provide green logistics services, while providing insights on issues influencing their responsiveness."
"AB Environmental impacts, such as Green House gas emissions, have been introduced to supply chain management as an additional parameter to traditional key performance indicators such as cost, lead-time and on-time delivery. This paper analyses a case example from the food industry on how CO2 emissions are structured in a value chain. The focus of the analysis covers food factory order-picking operations, transportation, warehousing and distribution aspects. The paper aims to demonstrate greening and CO2 saving potential areas of development for thermo-controlled food logistics. The results show the energy-saving potential of several supply chain processes giving examples of distribution logistic online-temperature controlling possibilities. Greening decisions in supply chain design in the food industry are considered."
"AB At present, with the rapid development of the logistics industry, the traditional supply chain management mode with products as the core of competition no longer meets the needs of contemporary enterprises, and the supply chain management mode with services as the core of competition emerges as the times require. Aiming at the problem of imperfect evaluation system of logistics service providers, this study took the green ecology as the starting point, constructed the evaluation index system of green logistics service providers based on logistics service chain, and analyzed the interactive influence rules between the evaluation indexes by using response surface model. Based on the established evaluation index system, the total weight vector of four logistics service providers of an automobile manufacturing company in Guangzhou was obtained through comprehensive evaluation model, so as to determine its best green logistics service provider. The results showed that the response surface model has significant differences, and each evaluation index has significant impact on logistics service efficiency, and the interaction effect is obvious. The quadratic multiple regression equation is R = 85.58 + 6.92A + 6.27B + 4.15C + 2.65D - 4.51C(2) - 4.74D(2). The total weight vector calculated by the comprehensive evaluation model is P = A.W (0.1976,0.1685,0.2238,0.1863), so C-3 logistics service provider is the best choice for the automobile enterprise."
"AB This article summarizes the arguments within the scientific discussion on the feasibility and applicability of green logistics in Smart Cities. The purpose of the article is to study the features of green logistics and the benefits of implementing its approaches to urban development, based on the analysis of Smart City projects in the USA and the EU, and justifying on this basis the feasibility of taking into account the experience of successful examples in developing urban development strategies around the world. Systematization of literary sources regarding the use of green logistics has shown that it has wide opportunities for introducing both the management of the goods of the companies and the passenger traffic and transport of the city. It is obvious that logistics is closely linked to the structure of the city: transport networks, zones, nodes, that is, with architecture and urban planning, as well as with the environment. Since it is urgent to minimize pollution, increase the efficiency of using logistic resources, optimize the process of making managerial decisions on the use of material, financial and other resources, then there is a need to use the principles of ""green logistics"" in the city. So, the actuality of this scientific problem solution is caused by the need to find ways to ensure the effectiveness of the proposed measures related to the implementation of urban development projects based on the concept of Smart City, the development of IT, environmental problems. Methodological tools of the research methods were the comparative analysis methods, namely the experience of the EU and the USA in the implementation of green logistics approaches in Smart Cities. The object of research is the leading Smart Cities of the world, as they are an example for other cities to ensure the well-being of their citizens. The paper presents the results of an empirical analysis of the of green logistics issues application in Smart Cities, which has shown that most of them use logistics to movement, storage and distribution of goods, movement and storage of public, passenger transportation, placement of hazardous wastes that affect the ecosystem of the city and against the principles of sustainable development. The research empirically confirms and theoretically proves the efficiency of using green logistics in providing urban development."
"AB The transport and logistics sector is of vital importance for the stimulation of trade and hence the economic development of nations. However, over the last few years, this sector has taken central stage in the green agenda due to the negative environmental effects derived from its operations. Several disciplines including operations research and sub-areas of supply chain management such as green supply chains, green logistics and reverse logistics have tried to address this problem. However, despite the work undertaken through these disciplines, theoretical or empirical research into the sequential or simultaneous deployment of the lean and green paradigms, particularly, in the road transport and logistics sector is limited. This paper presents a case study where both paradigms have been combined to improve the transport operations of a world leader logistics organisation in the metropolitan area of Monterrey, Mexico. To do this, a systematic methodology and a novel tool called Sustainable Transportation Value Stream Map (STVSM) were proposed. The results obtained from the case study indicate that the concurrent deployment of the green and lean paradigms through such methodology and the STVSM tool is an effective approach to improve both operational efficiency and environmental performance of road transport operations. The paper can be used as a guiding reference for transport and logistics organisations to undertake improvement projects similar to the one presented in this paper. Additionally, this research also intends to stimulate scholarly research into the application of lean and green paradigms in the transport and logistics sector to expand the limited research pursued in this area."
"AB Purpose: The purpose of this study is to examine green logistics activities using a three-axis approach (financial-economic, social and environmental activities) and how these activities affect the sustainable monetary expansion indicators for the Sultanate of Oman."
"AB The aim of this research is to examine the relationship between green logistics operations and energy demand, economic growth and environmental sustainability need to make factors for relationship clearer in a panel data of 43 different countries around the globe. The study employed panel Generalized Method of Moments (GMM) estimates for robust inferences. The results have revealed that logistics operations consume energy and fossil fuel, while the amount of fossil fuel and non-green energy sources create significant harmful effect on the environmental sustainability and also have negative effect on economic growth. In addition, poor transport-related infrastructure and logistics service are a major contributor of CO2 and total greenhouse gas emissions. However, carbon emission damages fauna and flora, and reduces economic growth. The findings suggest that renewable energy sources and green practices can mitigate harmful effect of logistics operations on environmental sustainability and spur economic activities with greatly export opportunities in a region. (C) 2018 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB This study investigates a multimodal green logistics network design problem of urban agglomeration with stochastic demand, in which different logistics authorities among the different cities jointly optimize the logistics node configurations and uniform carbon taxes over logistics transport modes to maximize the total social welfare of urban agglomeration and consider logistics users' choice behaviors. The users' choice behaviors are captured by a logit-based stochastic equilibrium model. To describe the game behaviors of logistics authorities in urban agglomeration, the problem is formulated as two nonlinear bilevel programming models, namely, independent and centralized decision models. Next, a quantum-behaved particle swarm optimization (QPSO) embedded with a Method of Successive Averages (MSA) is presented to solve the proposed models. Simulation results show that to achieve the overall optimization layout of the green logistics network in urban agglomeration the logistics authorities should adopt centralized decisions, construct a multimode logistics network, and make a reasonable carbon tax."
"AB The objective of the study is to identify the main determinants of integrated supply chain management for green business growth, controlling socio-economic and environmental factors for BRICS countries, using a time series data from 1995 to 2015. The results show the positive relationship between green logistics indices and country's per capita income, which confirmed that supply chain management is integrated with country's economic growth and corporate environmental policies that is imperative for sustained payoffs. On the other side, logistics indices linked with high mass carbon emissions, social factors, and trade openness, which need sustainable cleaner instruments for achieving broad-based growth. The results of panel causality confirmed the two-way linkages between country's per capita income and logistic indices, and socio-economic factors and logistics indices, while there is one way causal relationship running from carbon-fossil emissions to logistics indices across countries. The study confirmed the 'neutrality hypotheses' in between FDI, trade, and logistics indices during a given time period. The overall results emphasized the need of an integrated supply chain model to support environmental sustainability agenda and provoked for 'go-for-green' business. (C) 2018 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB The Belt and Road initiative (BRI) mainly relies on the traditional and underdeveloped logistical trade routes including the terrestrial and oceanic Silk Road. The poor logistic infrastructure across the BRI region not only restricts trade potential and economic progress but also creates several social and environmental challenges. Therefore, this study investigates the relationship between green logistic operations, economic, environmental, and social indicators of countries along with the BRI. This study provides three key findings using feasible generalized least squares (FGLS) and system generalized method of moments (Sys-GMM) estimation techniques. First, Chinese outward foreign direct investment significantly improves the quality and quantity of green logistic operations in terms of transport infrastructure, customs services, cost, time, tracking, and reliability of international shipments. Second, a higher quality of transport-related infrastructure, customs clearance efficiency, and competency of logistics services significantly mitigate the level of carbon emissions due to the energy conservation in the supply chain process. Moreover, the application of renewable energy resources significantly improves the quality of logistics operations. These results indicate that higher quality of green logistic operations provides efficient infrastructure and greater information sharing among supply chain partners that increase trade volume, growth opportunities, and environmental sustainability. Third, a higher institutional quality helps to mitigate social concerns through improvement in the efficiency of logistic operations. Although BRI regional estimates show significant variations, the overall results imply that BRI participating countries should integrate with ongoing investment projects to promote the quality and quantity of green logistic infrastructure and ensuring environmental stewardship."
"AB Green logistics is an important aspect of production system in today's world. It combines various efforts to quantify and control the environmental effect of production activities in an enterprise. This research is intended to emphasize upon the ways by which organizations can accomplish positive ecological effects simply by modifying their logistics practices. This paper presents a case study of an Indian automobile company by analyzing alternatives for green practices along with organizational objectives. It is imperative to focus on the green practices in context of Indian automobile sector as the volume of vehicles in India has increased considerably during last few decades. Accordingly, this paper attempts to improve the performance for sustainable adaptation of green practices of an Indian company by selecting the best alternative obtained from the use of Analytical Hierarchy Process to analyze alternatives for green practices in the assembly and packaging processes. Alternatives have been evaluated on the basis of three criteria i.e. green efficiency, factor of safety and ease of operation. The study revealed that clinch joint is the most appropriate alternative for assembly operation while carbon positive packaging material is the best alternative for packaging. (c) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB This paper provides a conceptual framework on green initiatives adoption in companies operating in freight transport and logistics industry and presents an overview on the emerging green practices and information systems adopted. On the basis of a literature review on the topic, a research question was identified and addressed through an analysis conducted in a sample of freight transport and logistics companies. This research question regards the behaviours of freight transporters in adopting green practices and information systems. As for the adoption of both green practices and information systems, the paper shows that freight transporters are not a homogeneous industry, but different types of behaviour emerge. As for the relationship between the degree of adoption of green practices and information systems, the paper proposes a taxonomy bringing together sustainable strategies for adopting green initiatives. Specifically, four strategies are identified: sustainability leaders, green practice adopters, information system adopters, and sustainability followers. These sustainable strategies highlight the different phases of the process of adoption of green initiatives."
"AB The high quality of the environment, protection of natural resources, efficient use of natural resources, and elimination of environmental burdens are the main priorities of sustainable development. Therefore, enterprises around the world have to manage the environment wisely, while avoiding negative effects on it. The aim of the paper was to examine the use of green and reverse logistics in the conditions of sustainable development in enterprises in Slovakia. The intention of the paper was to provide a theoretical overview of green and reverse logistics at home and abroad on the basis of the elaboration of a scientific bibliographic-information apparatus. Subsequent practical implementation of the questionnaire research and statistical verification of research results provides a basis for practical recommendations and conclusions for enterprises operating in Slovakia. The research topic of the paper was green and reverse logistics in companies in Slovakia. The research problem was the implementation and use of modern logistics under the influence of the environment. Based on these facts, statistical hypotheses were determined and subsequently tested. Descriptive statistics and inference statistics were used to interpret the research results. Based on the research, we found that the dominant position in green and reverse logistics in Slovakia was achieved by large production enterprises from the automotive industry, which operate in western Slovakia. The analysed enterprises in Slovakia use voluntary tools of environmental policy and the most important environmental tool is corporate social responsibility. Elements of environmental policy are used primarily in the logistics process of warehousing and storage. The biggest barrier in the implementation of elements of environmental logistics analysed by enterprises is the lack of financial resources. The implementation of green logistics and reverse logistics enables the analysed enterprises in Slovakia to improve customer-supplier relations. We can say that despite the government's efforts, measures to minimize the environmental impact and growing public awareness of environmental issues, environmental problems persist. Initiatives can be seen at the global and national levels of enterprises that make quick decisions and set up new processes in environmental management."
"AB To increase revenue while being aware of environmental responsibility and uncertain demand, green forward-reverse logistics is an important part of research on supply chain management. This work seeks the optimal strategies for applying green forward-reverse logistics. A multi-product, multi-stage and multi-objective model is constructed of green forward-reverse logistics considering shortage costs and uncertain demand, which exist in reality. The aims of the proposed mathematical model are to maximize total revenue and minimize cost and environmental pollution. Two different sizes of forward-reverse logistics are discussed. The NSGA-II method is used to obtain the Pareto solutions of the mathematical model. The numerical results indicate that greater revenue can bring greater cost and environmental pollution in total. Considering the pollution problem, small firms have greater revenue-cost rates and lower cost-pollution rates. These results could help managers make more effective suggestions in production."
"AB Introduction. An increase in the volume of agricultural markets forces intensification of the domestic and international traffic and aggravates anthropogenic burden on the environment. To solve the problem of greening of transport and logistics systems, it is necessary to make appropriate decisions at different levels."
"AB Supply chain management is one of the most important elements of sustainable development. And due to the fact that the world market is driven by supply and demand, and the determinant of access to products is regional and international logistics, this paper focuses on the possibilities of implementing a green transport strategy in the context of sustainable development in logistic enterprises. This paper presents the results of the SWOT analysis pointing out the strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, threats of green vehicles market for the transport enterprises. It was noticed that the situation on the green vehicles market for the transport enterprises is characterized by the advantage of strengths and these strengths should be used to maximize the use of green vehicles. It emphasized that subsidies for green vehicles would allow to invest in a modern fleet, new solutions (e.g. own charging stations) can have an impact on the greater energy efficiency (self-sufficiency), increase of social awareness would force enterprises to take appropriate actions in the field of environmental protection and development of public transport based on green vehicles."
"AB Mining and mineral resources help provide the requirements of everyday life by contributing to essential products and services. In the era of fourth industrial revolution, the trend in logistics is toward a smart logistics system. Therefore, it becomes essential to understand how Industry 4.0 resources influence smart logistics, i.e., instrumented logistics, interconnected logistics, and intelligent logistics. This study investigates how Industry 4.0 resources impact smart logistics and further influence dynamic remanufacturing and green manufacturing capability and, the final effect on business logistics sustainability. Survey data were collected from 150 respondents using an online survey of South African executives in firms operating mines, quarries, and processing plants. Partial Least Squares based structural equation modelling (PLS-SEM) was used to test the hypotheses. The findings indicate that Industry 4.0 resources have a strong effect on intelligent logistics compared to its impact on interconnected logistics and instrumented logistics. The impact of intelligent logistics is found to be very high compared to that of interconnected logistics and instrumented logistics on dynamic remanufacturing and green manufacturing capability. Finally, dynamic remanufacturing and green manufacturing capability are found to have a positive influence business logistics sustainability."
"AB Drawing on the signaling theory, this study investigates the association between green logistics performance and sustainability reporting. In addition to this direct link, whether corporate governance moderates this relation or not is tested. The analysis of data collected for 117 countries covers the period from 2007 to 2016. Primarily, the study provides robust evidence that green logistics performance has a significant and positive association with the existence and the number of sustainability reports within the logistics sector. This association is validated for the composite Logistics Performance Index (LPI) as well as all six individual logistics performance indicators. Furthermore, moderation analysis indicated that in weak corporate governance environments characterized by ineffective boards of directors, the logistics performance and sustainability reporting link is stronger. This means that sustainability reporting fills the gap arising from poor corporate governance. This study extends existing green supply chain management literature by testing, for the first time, the association between green logistics practices and sustainability reporting. It is hoped that it helps to align the logistics sector with more eco-friendly practices and alleviate growing concerns of environmental degradation it is assumed to cause. In the end, the study provides implications for sector representatives, supply-chain managers, and developing countries in particular. It suggests guidelines about how to improve each dimension of six LPI to contribute to the sustainable development of the sector. Moreover, as one of the dimensions of this study is sustainability reporting, communication of sustainable supply chain practices to customers and other stakeholders may help supply chain managers augment the competitive posture of companies in the market. The sector can benefit from the Global Reporting Initiative's individual metrics including materials usage, energy efficiency, recycling, and waste management metrics in developing environmentally friendly supply chains. The findings are particularly relevant for developing countries which are quite low scorers in terms of LPI than developed countries. Engaging in green logistics practices and developing policies accordingly may help them attenuate growing international environmental concerns and overcome trade barriers in international trade. The highlighted dimensions of green logistics performance may foster the circular economy while promoting the overall economic development of the countries. (C) 2020 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Exploring ways to protect and promote environmental sustainability have recently become critical to organizations survival due to pressures from diverse stakeholder groups. The aim of this study is to explore the effects of organizational stakeholder pressure and regulatory stakeholder pressure on green logistics practices and financial performance whiles investigating if environmental reputation and social reputation are missing links in mediating the relationships between organizational stakeholder pressure, regulatory stakeholder pressure, green logistics practices and financial performance. It is proposed that organizational stakeholder pressure and regulatory stakeholder pressure influence green logistics practices and financial performance, and in turn, environmental reputation and social reputation mediate these relationships. A thorough review of literature showed that organizations choose to either adopt a proactive or reactive approach to green practices based on organizational or regulatory stakeholder pressures. This research adopted partial least square structural equation modeling technique in analyzing the data due to it having more predictive power. The results show that pressures from organizational and regulatory stakeholders influence the adoption and implementation of green logistics practices, thereby enhancing environmental reputation, which also improves financial performance. The results specifically highlights that regulatory stakeholder pressures significantly influences social reputation, which also significantly influence financial performance. Environmental and social reputations proved to play mediating roles in the hypothesized relationships. These findings evidence that organizational and regulatory stakeholder pressures depending on how they are responded to can be friends or foes to green logistics practices, environmental reputation, social reputation and financial performance. Thus, the scope of stakeholder pressures appear to be potent and wider than previously understood. This study was tailored to the logistics sector because previous researches have concentrated on the manufacturing sector. Moreover, few researches have incorporated reputation as an intermediate variable in the relationships between stakeholder pressures, green logistics practices and financial performance. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Purpose This study primarily explores the influence of green warehousing, logistics optimization and social values and ethics on supply chain sustainability and economic performance. The study further examines the mediating role of supply chain sustainability between economic performance and green warehousing, logistics optimization and social values and ethics. Design/methodology/approach The study employs a quantitative research approach where survey data are collected from 200 managers of manufacturing companies in Ghana. The dataset is analyzed using partial least square structural equation modeling software (PLS-SEM) SmartPLS 3. Findings The results show that green warehousing and logistics optimization negatively influence economic performance but improves economic performance through supply chain sustainability. It is further discovered that social values and ethics have a positive influence on supply chain sustainability and economic performance. Originality/value This paper proposes and tests a theoretical model that explores the relationships between green warehousing, supply chain sustainability, economic performance, logistics optimization and social values and ethics through the resource dependency theory (RDT) in the manufacturing firms in Ghana."
"AB Purpose The priority giving to green practices in today's competitive market has made green logistics management practices (GLMPS) a significant driver of organizational performance. The purpose of this study is to explore the influence of GLMPS, logistics ecocentricity and supply chain traceability on sustainability performance. Design/methodology/approach The study uses structured questionnaires to gather data from 274 managers of manufacturing firms in Ghana. The partial least square structural equation modeling approach is used to analyze the data to test the proposed hypotheses. Findings The results obtained from the analysis indicate that GLMPS positively influence social sustainability and environmental sustainability. However, GLMPS negatively influence business performance. The results further reveal that logistics ecocentricity and supply chain traceability augment GLMPS to achieve significant improvement in both business performance and environmental sustainability through the mediation effect approach. Originality/value The study proposes a conceptual framework that tests the combined effect of GLMPs, logistics ecocentricity and supply chain traceability on environmental sustainability, social sustainability and business performance from the Ghanaian perspective."
"AB The increasing pressures from environmental crises are responsible for the green and sustainable choices made in supply chain management. Green logistics service supply chain (LSSC) operations play a significant role in reducing the environmental burden of the supply chain, and the risk preferences of logistics enterprises lead to more uncertainties in the green management of LSSC. Much research has been limited to case studies of green LSSC, and the different combinations of risk preferences among LSSC participants have generally been ignored. This paper investigates the impact of the risk preference on the equilibrium behavior of an LSSC composed of one logistics service integrator (LSI) and one logistics service provider (LSP) under fuzzy decision environments. Considering the fact that the greening innovation cost and the parameters of the demand function are all characterized as fuzzy variables, the games between the LSI and LSP with different risk preferences were comprehensively proposed under three scenarios. Then, the optimal decisions of the LSP and LSI were drawn, and numerical examples are presented. The results show that an optimistic risk attitude can appropriately improve the greening level, price, and green innovation cost of logistics services, while both risk appetite and risk aversion can lead to an increase in the outsourcing price. Moreover, when the decision maker is risk neutral, the partner's risk attitude has a significant effect on the value of the decision variables and the cost. Finally, the optimal profits of different risk preference behaviors between the LSI and LSP vary among the game models under fuzzy environments. Subsequently, we obtained three management insights. Total involvement and cooperation among participants were vital factors for an improvement in green management in the LSSC. Additionally, risk preference plays a key role in how LSSC participants make decisions under fuzzy environments. Additionally, a dominant position in the LSSC plays a crucial role in generating profit."
"AB This paper examines the antecedents of organizational commitment for adopting corporate environmental responsibility and green practices in the case of the logistics industry in South Korea. Seven hundred and eighty employees and top management from logistics companies were sampled. The data were analyzed using factor analysis, structural equation modeling techniques, and one-way analysis of variance. The results showed that social expectations, organizational support, and stakeholder pressure were the important antecedents for the adoption of corporate environmental responsibility and green practices. In the path analysis, social expectations had the greatest impact on both stakeholder pressure and green practice adoption. Moreover, we found that the higher the job titles were, the more willing they were to adopt green practices. This indicated that the current top management of Korean logistics companies is well aware of being mandated to make a commitment to corporate environmental responsibility and green practices."
"AB The environmental footprint of courier, express, and parcel (CEP) logistics is significant and growing, owing to increased e-commerce. Consumer willingness to participate in the green logistics of CEPs, however, has been understudied. This study addresses this knowledge gap by surveying 155 Chinese consumers about their willingness to participate in CEP green logistics. Additionally, this research identifies some technical issues with previous survey research. Three main factors were extracted after the data were tested for reliability and validity using exploratory factor analysis with principal axis factor extraction and confirmatory factor analysis with diagonally weighted least squares. Consumer willingness is positively correlated with economic (8 items), operational (3 items), and social (3 items) factors, with a statistical significance of p < 0.001. Of all the factors, the strongest correlation, 0.67 (95% CI = 0.57, 0.75; p < 0.001; N = 155), exists between economic factors and consumer willingness. The results of a multinomial logistic regression analysis suggest that all consumers are highly unlikely to participate in economic factors, while they are highly likely to positively commit to operational and social factors. Therefore, it is recommended that the government provides monetary incentives to CEP companies to adopt green logistics, such as tax reductions and subsidies, to reduce the costs of green logistics. Meanwhile, the CEP industry could provide some direct and indirect incentives to consumers to re-use, recycle, and share materials, and to spend time learning about express enterprises' green logistics, to increase consumer participation in economic factors."
"AB This paper presents a transport spatial decision support model (TSDSM) for carrying out the optimization of green routes for city logistics centers. The TSDSM model is based on the integration of the multi-criteria method of Weighted Linear Combination (WLC) and the modified Dijkstra algorithm within a geographic information system (GIS). The GIS is used for processing spatial data. The proposed model makes it possible to plan routes for green vehicles and maximize the positive effects on the environment, which can be seen in the reduction of harmful gas emissions and an increase in the air quality in highly populated areas. The scheduling of delivery vehicles is given as a problem of optimization in tern-is of the parameters of: the environment, health, use of space and logistics operating costs. Each of these input parameters was thoroughly examined and broken down in the GIS into criteria which further describe them. The model presented here takes into account the fact that logistics operators have a limited number of environmentally friendly (green) vehicles available. The TSDSM was tested on a network of roads with 127 links for the delivery of goods from the city logistics center to the user. The model supports any number of available environmentally friendly or environmentally unfriendly vehicles consistent with the size of the network and the transportation requirements. (c) 2015 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved."
"AB This paper aims to provide a novel taxonomy of green initiatives and to investigate their diffusion among logistics service providers (LSPs). The term 'green initiative' has been defined as a multifaceted concept which incorporates three perspectives: the managerial perspective (the aim), the organisational perspective (the practices), and the technological perspective (the technological tools). Starting from a systematic literature review, we developed the WH2 framework to identify a taxonomy of green aims, green practices and technological tools that can be used by LSPs to achieve their environmental sustainability (ES) strategies. A web-based document analysis methodology was carried out to investigate the degree of diffusion of green initiatives in 464 LSPs. This methodology was conducted through six main steps: 1) document search; 2) document selection; 3) manual analysis; 4) computer-assisted analysis; 5) confirmation analysis; 6) triangulation of findings. The results highlight that the LSPs investigated tend to plan their ES strategies without setting out in an integrated manner the green aims related to the different typologies of service provided and mainly neglect those related to logistics and management services. As for the green practices, their low level of diffusion shows the attempt of LSPs to combine management and environmental efficiency without a defined ES strategy roadmap. As for the technological tools, the results highlight that these are more commonly adopted than green practices. Nevertheless, LSPs tend to adopt traditional systems instead of collaborative technologies. The results make it possible to identify three main gaps among LSPs: a technological gap, a cultural gap, a managerial gap. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB The globalization process has yielded various undesirable consequences for the environment and society, including increased environmental pollution, climate change and the exhaustion and destruction of resources. The influence of these processes makes it difficult to guarantee citizens' rights to a clean environment, and the implementation of this right requires complex solutions. The aim of this integrative review article is to discuss the right to a clean environment, as it relates to green logistics and sustainable tourism, by analyzing various scientific and legal sources. Rethinking the possible solutions of green logistics for sustainable tourism, such as tourism mobilities, bicycle tourism, the co-creation of smart velomobility, walkability, and others, can help us also rethink how to balance, respect, protect, and enforce human rights in the present-day context of climate change challenges. The integrative review analysis shows the importance of seeking a balance between the context (the right to a clean environment), the challenge (climate change), and the solutions (green logistics solutions for sustainable tourism)."
"AB This paper attempts to realize the green logistics of solid waste at ports, enabling the harmless treatment, reduction and recycling of such waste through the entire life cycle. For this purpose, the life cycle assessment and the analytic hierarchy process (AHP) were applied to evaluate the green logistics of solid waste at ports. Firstly, the solid waste logistics system was examined from the perspective of logistics system. Drawing on life cycle evaluation, the author analyzed how the solid waste logistics system affects the society, economy and environment. Meanwhile, an AHP-based evaluation system was established to quantify the overall impacts of solid waste. On this basis, the solid waste logistics system of a port was optimized, and subjected to life cycle assessment. The evaluation results show that the optimized system has much lower social, economic and environmental impacts than the original system. The research findings shed important new light on solid waste logistics at ports."
"AB Based on Stackelberg's master-slave game theory and green index decision-making conditions, this paper studies the benefit coordination of a supply chain network composed of a business flow network and logistics network, discusses the decision-making behavior of the main body of the supply chain network under the performance of green contracts or speculative behavior, respectively, and further constructs the supply chain network collaborative benefit coordination model under the guidance of a manufacturer considering a green development index. The supply chain network interest coordination model analyzes the relationship between the dominant manufacturer behavior and the supply chain network green index and network profit. The results show that fulfilling green contracts helps improve the profitability and sustainability of supply chain networks. A counter-intuitive but interesting result is that the dominant manufacturers increase the cost-sharing ratio or penalties of the logistics network, which will reduce the profit level and green index of the logistics network, and increase the cost-sharing ratio or punishment of the suppliers. Strength will increase the profitability and green index of the logistics network. Finally, we validate the relevant conclusions of the model through numerical simulation analysis."
"AB Background: Logistics activities play a prominent role in enabling manufacturers, distribution channels, and pharmacies to work in harmony. Nowadays these activities have become increasingly striking in the pharmaceutical industry and seen as a development area for this sector. Additionally, green practices are beginning to be more attracting particularly in decreasing costs and increasing image of pharmaceutical companies."
"AB Purpose The green logistics literature remains undecided on how collaboration between shippers (i.e. logistics buyers) and logistics service providers (LSPs) may facilitate green logistics practices (GLPs). This paper identifies two types of collaboration mechanisms, relation specific and knowledge sharing, to systematically examine their influence on facilitating the different types of GLPs - as seen by shippers versus LSPs. Design/methodology/approach Survey responses of 169 shippers and 162 LSPs in Sweden were collected and analysed using exploratory- and confirmatory factor analysis, followed by multiple regression analysis. Findings The findings reveal that neither of the actors consistently favour a certain type of collaboration mechanisms for facilitating all types of GLPs. Although it was found that both actors share the same view on the role of collaboration mechanisms for some GLPs, their views took contrasting forms for others. Research limitations/implications This study contributes to the green logistics literature by incorporating a trilateral distinction to present collaboration recommendations for GLPs, based on (1) the collaboration mechanism at play, (2) the actor's perspective and (3) the GLP in question. Practical implications Insights are offered to managers at shipper/LSP firms to apply the right (""fit for purpose"") collaboration mechanisms in their relationships with their logistics partners with respect to the desired GLPs. Originality/value This is one of the first large-scale studies to systematically reveal in what way collaboration can facilitate the different types of GLPs."
"AB This paper investigates the relationship between ""replacing business tax with value-added tax"" (RBTVT) and the total factor energy efficiency (TFEE) of the logistics industry using regression discontinuity (RD) method, and the research shows that the TFEE of the logistics industry in China has presented a benign growth trend. RBTVT has significantly promoted the development of TFEE in the logistics industry, and its influence has mainly stemmed from the improvement of green technology progress. Moreover, the promotion mechanism of policy in the eastern region reacts more sharp than that in the central and western regions does. So this paper claims that the government should built a tax incentive mechanism of green production and energy conservation. It is necessary to use RBTVT to promote the high-quality development of the logistics industry and create an environment which coexist low-carbon environmental protection and economic benefits."
"AB The Fujitsu Group Environmental Action Plan (Stage VIII) has been in operation since FY2016, and one of its thematic objectives is to mitigate greenhouse gas emissions across the value chain. In the logistics division, we aim to achieve a 2% reduction in CO2 emissions per sales amount from transport. Working with our suppliers and clients, we proactively pursue a variety of activities to reduce environmental burden in the group-wide transport practices (domestic, overseas intraregional, and international transport), which we call green logistics. The Fujitsu Group started various green logistics initiatives in April 2006, even before the Amendment to the Act on the Rational Use of Energy (known as the Amended Energy Conservation Act) was implemented. The amended act required not only freight forwarders, but also shippers to join in efforts for energy conservation. While the act is effective only within Japan, the Fujitsu Group extends the scope of these initiatives to its global value chain. This paper describes these activities of green logistics pursued at the Fujitsu Group."
"AB The objective of this research was to develop a decision support framework (DSF) to assess quantitative risk in multimodal green logistics. This risk assessment is the combination of a number of models, the failure mode and effects analysis, the risk contour plot, the quantitative risk assessment, the analytic hierarchy process and the data envelopment analysis which can support a user to perform risk assessment in various decisions. The contribution of this research is that the risk assessment model can generate an optimal green logistics route in accordance with weight from the user. The highlight of this DSF is that the quantitative assessment model can reduce bias on risk assessment of logistics route. An in-depth case study, recommendations, limitations and further research are also provided."
"AB The search for new technologies that can mitigate the negative impacts caused by the processes of production and the excessive consumption of raw material has gained more and more relevance in the business world. In this scenario, the present research aims to identify the contributions that green logistics and green procurement bring to the management of the green supply chain. The present research is justified by the increase in the adoption of ecological practices by the companies, which implies in the continuous search for improvement of the techniques that involve all the practices within the Chain of Green Supply, aiming at greater efficiency of the whole chain. Once ISO 20400 was implemented, which came into force in 2017, it aims to increase the efficiency of green purchasing practices."
"AB In this paper, first, the criteria that make logistics service providers more ""green'' are determined as: cooperation with customer's company and its customer, green government regulations, environmental management system, green process design, reduction in energy consumption and green network design. The criteria weights are determined by fuzzy AHP, based on expert opinions. Then, a new method is proposed, which is the combination of fuzzy TOPSIS and GRA, and used to evaluate green 3PLs based on different separation measures, as an extension, using trapezoidal fuzzy numbers. Five Turkish 3PLs serve in Istanbul are selected in order to apply a case study to show the applicability of the proposed method. Finally, the proposed method is verified with respect to different resolving coefficient values and separation measures and also compared with fuzzy TOPSIS and fuzzy VIKOR method results. Different multi-criteria decision-making methods can be applied and compared to check validity of our results for future studies. The proposed method can also be implemented to 3PLs in other countries."
"AB The objective of green logistics has thus far failed. For example, the share of greenhouse gas emissions by the transportation and logistics sector in Europe rose from 16.6% in 1990 to 24.3% in 2012. This article analyzes the reasons behind this failure by drawing on political, economic and business as well as social motivations and examples. At the core of this analysis are the established theorems of the Jevons paradox and the median voter (Black, Downs) in combination with time-distorted preferences of voters and consumers. Adding to the hurdles of green logistics are the problems of short-term political programs and decisions versus long-term business investments in transportation and logistics. Two cases from Germany are outlined regarding this political meddling through with a recent 2015 truck toll decision and the support for electric trucks and vehicles. Finally, the article proposes two ways forward: public control and restriction of carbon raw materials (coal, oil), as well as public investment in low-emission transport infrastructure or biofuels as the more feasible and likely alternative."
"AB Purpose The purpose of this study is to measure the gaps between the engagements of shippers (i.e. logistics buyers) and logistics service providers (LSPs) in different green logistics practices (GLPs) throughout the key phases of the logistics purchasing process: request for proposal, negotiations, contracting and execution. Design/methodology/approach A large-scale survey of shippers and LSPs in Sweden was conducted. Respondents were 331 firms (169 shippers, 162 LSPs). Mean values of the actors' perceptions were analysed using independent- and paired samplet-tests. Findings While this study supports previous research indicating that LSPs engage more extensively in selling GLPs than shippers do in buying them, it shows that this conclusion does not uniformly apply to all GLPs nor all purchasing phases. Three patterns emerged for the gaps between the actors' buying-selling engagements throughout the purchasing process: (1) steady and wide gaps, (2) steady and narrow gaps and (3) emergent gaps. Distinct GLPs were associated with each pattern. It is also shown that the prioritisation of GLPs is fairly aligned between shippers and LSPs. Research limitations/implications This study contributes to the green logistics purchasing literature by systematically and simultaneously creating three types of distinction, between (1) shippers and LSPs, (2) different GLPs and (3) different logistics purchasing phases. Future studies could replicate the analysis in countries other than Sweden. Practical implications Managers of shipper/LSP firms learn tips to spot the GLPs that their partners prioritise, enabling them to modify their purchasing/marketing strategies accordingly. Originality/value The three types of distinction represent a novel approach in the green logistics purchasing literature."
"AB Drawing on the innovation diffusion theory and data from 236 Chinese small and medium-sized logistics service providers (SMLSPs), this study developed and tested a conceptual model for empirically examining the green and cost benefits of integration between cloud service providers and SMLSPs in the Chinese context. The study posits that the perceived green and cost benefits drive the need for cloud computing (CC) adoption by Chinese SMLSPs. The results indicate that Chinese SMLSPs are attracted by CC to reduce cost in a short term and to gain sustainability through green benefits in a long term. The study extends CC capabilities and enterprise integration literature in the context of logistics services. (C) 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB The present study seeks to provide a comprehensive and coherent model for assessing and ranking the outsourcing green logistics, while identifying the indigenous factors involved in the outsourcing process. The employed research methodology is a hybrid fuzzy multi criteria decision making for distinguishing relationships between factors and their degree of importance and combines the techniques quality function deployment (QFD). The results showed that among the main factors ""government green decision making"" is the most influential and ""quality"" is the most susceptible factor. The highest weight allocates to ""customer satisfaction"". The results of house of quality showed that the ""convenient and appropriate logistics services"" ranked as first, the ""implementation of transportation infrastructure for green policies"" ranked as second, ""having the necessary expertise and experience in similar industries"" ranked third which reflects the importance of these requirements comparing to other requirements. The calculation results indicate that the fourth supplier is the final choice of decision making process. Copyright (C) 2019 The Korean Association of Shipping and Logistics, Inc. Production and hosting by Elsevier B.V."
"AB Purpose Logistics companies are compelled to improve their efficiency and the environmental performance by introducing the green concept in their operations. The main purpose of the paper is to have continuous monitoring and tracking of logistics operations to enhance the green performance. Design/methodology/approach This research uses a case study approach. It illustrates a monitoring system to digitize the logistics activities by sending real-time GPS data to the server and capture the surrounding pictures with the help of the internet of things (IoTs) based camera. Data generated through digitization is mathematically analyzed for ensuring a green logistic system. The alerts due to the halts, help in keeping a check on fuel consumption, carbon emissions and security of logistics. Performance indicators such as carbon emissions and the value of travel time saving (VTTS) are selected for the study. Findings The findings of the study show that the actual travel time and distances are higher than the estimated travel time and distances. It also reveals that actual travel routes with diversions involve a considerably higher amount of carbon emissions during all sample travels. The results indicate a considerable saving in terms of carbon emissions, time and cost savings by effective practices of Green Logistics in Monitoring system (MSGL). These findings can help the top management of logistics companies in formulating effective strategies for technology applications in logistic operations to ensure green performance. Research limitations/implications The study has been carried out under certain set of conditions, which may vary depending upon the organizations. Also certain more environmental dimensions for performance monitoring can be used as a future scope of study. Further studies also need to be carried out to widen the scope of the MSGL model at a global level rather than only at local level. Originality/value Any organization which deploys transportation as part of their activity can use this MSGL model and then do the mathematical analysis to reduce the CO2 emissions, reduce the time and extra cost. The value of this study lies in the fact that government is trying different methods and models to reduce pollution. This MSGL should be made compulsory by the government as a part of their policies for environment of the country."
"AB The paper considers the prospects for the application of innovative resource-saving technologies in the concepts of green logistics and sustainable development. Assessment of the perspectives of application of innovative resource-saving technologies in Ukraine was carried out with taking into consideration the main goals of sustainable development, tendencies of development of sustainable energy and fuel and energy complex of Ukraine in the direction of European integration, ensuring reduction of greenhouse gas emissions and increasing the use of non-traditional and renewable energy sources. The study illustrates the application of principles and objectives of the concept of green logistics in order to increase the level of energy-economic efficiency of the energy sector of Ukraine with the application of energy- and resource-saving, environmentally safe and cost-effective innovative technologies."
"AB This study aims to examine the effect of reverse logistics on the ability of manufacturing firms to control costs. The data were collected from manufacturing firms registered under the Federation of Malaysia Manufacturers (FMM). A total of 275 manufacturing firms participated in this survey. The variance-based structural equation modelling (SEM) with the partial least square (PLS) was used to validate the measurement constructs and test the proposed hypotheses. The statistical results indicated that three dimensions constructs of reverse logistics: (1) remanufacturing; (2) material recycling; (3) green disposal have a significant and positive relation with the ability of firms to control costs. The firms need to practice green operations and sustainability orientation activities to maintain lower costs, improve the quality of products, stakeholders' well-being and lower carbon footprint for greener environments."
"AB Along with emergence of green (or reverse, healthcare) logistics considering the environment, a variety of technologies has been developed. The recommender system for an on-line auction system for the green logistics is one of these systems. In this paper, we propose a new nested partition-based attribute selection method that can be used to make recommendation rules simpler to auction users. This attribute selection method involves a process for determining which attributes are relevant in that they predict or explain the data. Further, it may improve scalability and make interpreting recommendation rules (learning models) easier. In order to overcome the limitation of the nested partition attribute selection method where it can originally be adapted to discrete type of attributes, two attribute quality evaluators are introduced with experiment results in order to deal with the mixed type of data. As a case study, a recommender system that can be effectively used in a business to business,e-Commerce for green logistics is provided using classification rules and the new attribute selection method. The systems create recommendation rules for auction bidding."
"AB In order to reduce the distribution cost of fresh food logistics and achieve the goal of green distribution at the same time, the Green Fresh Food Logistics with Heterogeneous Fleet Vehicle Route Problem (GFLHF-VRP) model is established. Based on the particularity of the model, an improved genetic algorithm called Genetic Algorithm with Adaptive Simulated Annealing Mutation (GAASAM) is proposed in which the mutation operation is upgraded to a simulated annealing mutation operation and its parameters are adjusted by the adaptive operation. The experimental results show that the proposed GAASAM can effectively solve the vehicle routing problem of the proposed model, achieve better performance than the genetic algorithm, and avoid falling into a local optimal trap. The distribution routes obtained by GAASAM are with lower total distribution cost, and achieve the goal of green distribution in which energy, fuel consumption and carbon emissions are reduced at the same time. On the other hand, the proposed GFLHF-VRP and GAASAM can provide a reliable distribution route plan for fresh food logistics enterprises with multiple types of distribution vehicles in real life, which can further reduce the distribution cost and achieve a greener and more environment-friendly distribution solution. The results of this study also provide a managerial method for fresh food logistics enterprises to effectively arrange the distribution work with more social responsibility."
"AB The uprising economic, social and political pressures on achieving a good level of environmental governance have forced companies to adopt business practices that aim to mitigate CO2 emissions. Logistics industry is considered as one of the major areas that could make a considerable improvement in reducing the environmental impact of business activities. The aim of this study is to investigate the driving forces that influence the adoption of environmentally friendly logistics activities. Following a detailed literature review, a theoretical model, which encompassed several driving forces and logistics activities, has been developed. Survey-based quantitative data were collected from logistics service providers in the United Arab Emirates (UAE) and analysed using structural equation modelling methodology and multiple regression analysis. Through answering 110 questionnaires, respondents holding different managerial levels at logistics service organizations, provided data reflecting their perception of the forces that would influence the adoption of green logistics practices. The driving forces (legislations, customers, and organizational awareness) were found to influence the adoption of green logistics practices by the logistics service industry in the areas of warehousing, packaging and transportation."
AB Objective: This work aimed to identify which are the main barriers that hinder the application of environmental sustainability in the logistics activities of the real estate construction in the city of Curitiba / PR.
"AB The purpose of this study is to test the relationship among green logistics, environmental degradation, and energy demand. The system generalized method of moment (system GMM) is used to study the data of Asian countries and four subregions in Asia. The estimation results show that logistics operation consumes nonrenewable energy such as fossil fuels, which has a negative impact on environmental sustainability and energy demand. The service quality and capability (LPITC) in the logistics performance index has a significant contribution to reducing carbon dioxide emissions. The logistics infrastructure (LPIIN) has significantly reduced the energy consumption in Asia, while the customs (LPIC) has significantly increased the energy demand. Other indicators of LPI also have a significant impact on the environment and energy in different subregions of Asia. Industrialization and urbanization both increase carbon emissions in Asia, while trade opening reduces carbon emissions. At the same time, these three variables have a positive impact on reducing energy consumption. The results show that logistics performance is significantly related to environmental degradation and energy, and renewable energy and green supply chain management can reduce the harmful effects of logistics activities on environment and energy. Therefore, Asian countries should give priority to environmental sustainability in supply chain management and encourage the application of green practices in logistics."
"AB This paper develops a programming model, which combines logistics outsourcing decisions with some strategic Supply Chains' planning issues, such as the Security of supplies, the customer Segmentation, and the Extended Producer Responsibility. The purpose is to minimize both the expected logistics cost and the Green House Gas (GHG) emissions of the Supply Chain (SC) network, in the context of business environment uncertainty. First, we define a general structure of the closed-loop SC. Second, we provide constructive models to roughly estimate the insourcing and outsourcing logistics costs, and their corresponding GHG emissions. Third, we establish a stochastic plan based on a scenarios approach to capture the uncertainty od demand, capacity of facilities, quantity and quality of returns of used products, and the transportation, warehousing, and reprocessing costs. Fourth, we suggest a programming model, and an algorithm based on the Epsilon-constraint method to solve it. The result is a set of optimal non-dominant green SC configurations, which provide the decision' makers with optimal levels of logistics outsourcing integration within a decarbonized Supply Chain, before any further low-carbon investment. (C) 2016 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB Reverse logistics is a new concept in the academic, business and social field that is usually associated or confused with green logistics, however there are differences not only between its definition but also its practice and implementation. The purpose of this paper is to analyze the status of both terms to determine their differences and the way both are consider in the science field. Bibliometrics is a methodology that uses statistical methods to analyze the information, as well as is useful for classification according to different variables. The article is integrated with the definition of both concepts, the description of the methodology used, the most cited articles, the most productive and most influential authors from both areas, the institutions and countries with the greatest participation, the quantity of articles produced between 2005-2019 and also a discussion with the most relevant conclusions of the study areas and the comparative analysis carried out."
"AB Modern logistics takes significant progress and rapid developments with the prosperity of E-commerce, particularly in China. Typical challenges that logistics industry is facing now are composed by a lack of sharing, standard, cost-effective and environmental package and efficient optimisation method for logistics tasks distribution. As a result, it is difficult to implement green, sustainable logistics services. Three important technologies, Physical Internet (PI), product-service system (PSS) and cloud computing (CC), are adopted and developed to address the above issues. PI is extended to design a world-standard green recyclable smart box that is used to encapsulate goods. Smart box-enabled PSS is constructed to provide an innovative sustainable green logistics service, and high-quality packaging, as well as reduce logistics cost and environmental pollution. A real-time information-driven logistics tasks optimisation method is constructed by designing a cloud logistics platform based on CC. On this platform, a hierarchical tree-structure network for customer orders (COs) is built up to achieve the order-box matching of function. Then, a distance clustering analysis algorithm is presented to group and form the optimal clustering results for all COs, and a real-time information-driven optimisation method for logistics orders is proposed to minimise the unused volume of containers. Finally, a case study is simulated to demonstrate the efficiency and feasibility of proposed cloud logistics optimisation method."
"AB Against global warming and environmental degradation, it is essential for modern logistics to make sincere efforts to resolve such environmental issues. However, that will likely degrade the economical efficiency under global competition. In fact, since it seems almost impossible to derive a reasonable solution individually, we need to face with the problem as whole society. Deployment of a green logistics incorporated with community-based action is a new paradigm realizing an infrastructure aligned with sustainable development. Noticing importance of such idea, this study concern a green logistics optimization associated with production methods of manufacturers and green attitude of consumers. Actually, for a three-echelon logistics network, we have developed a novel hierarchical method to optimize the production methods with different structures regarding cost and emission of carbon dioxide (CO2) at production sites, the available collection center, the paths between members of the logistics network and circular routes over consumers. In this problem, first we aim at minimizing either total cost or CO2 emission through controlling prone and aversion behaviors on sustainability of each logistic member. Then, to integrate these individual problems and evaluate them on the same basis, we have introduced an economic mechanism known as emission trading rate on CO2. Moreover, to discuss the sustainability in a broader logistics system, we note the modal shift in transportation. To show the significance of the proposed approach, we provide a case study and explore some prospects for community-based green logistics."
"AB The development of e-commerce is inseparable from the support of logistics industry, which has somewhat caused pressure on resource, energy, and environment. In the process of platform operation, managers must balance economic, social, and environmental benefits. At present, the green logistics practice (GLP) and cause-related marketing (CRM) measures adopted by the platform are costly. Combined with stimulus-organism-response theory and existing literature, this study discusses whether GLP and CRM can establish a good image and further improve consumers' purchase intention under the moderating effect of consumers' environmental protection and public welfare concerns. Based on the questionnaire survey of respondents with stable shopping experience on the platform, this study conducted statistical analysis and obtained the following results. First, GLP and CRM measures can promote the establishment of green and public image. Second, green and public image can improve the purchase intention of consumers. Third, we confirmed the moderating role of green and public concern and found that it can strengthen the positive effect of green and public image on green and public purchase intention. Our findings provide evidence for platforms to take environmental protection and public welfare measures to maintain long-term competitive advantage."
"AB Purpose The purpose of this paper is to explain what determines the influence of reverse logistics onto green supply chain competitiveness and to find out if that influence is always uniform. Design/methodology/approach The paper contains an empirical research conducted using a survey-based study, which encompassed a sample size of 228 participants and final consumers that have experience in buying/using products derived from the reverse logistics process. Findings The results indicate that the influence of reverse logistics onto green supply chain competitiveness is dependent on the product return option and is mainly negative with Serbian consumers, since the perceived quality of each of the three return options is considered to be inferior compared to new products."
"AB Low-carbon logistics meets the requirements of a low-carbon economy and is the most effective operating model for logistic development to achieve sustainability by coping with severe energy consumption and global warming. Low-carbon logistics aims to reduce carbon intensity rather than simply reduce energy consumption and carbon emissions. Human resources are an important part of the great competition in the logistics market and significantly affect the operations of enterprises. Performance evaluations of human resources are particularly important for low-carbon logistics enterprises with scarce talents. Such evaluations in these enterprises are of great significance for their strategic development. This study constructed a human resource performance evaluation system to assess non-managerial employees' low-carbon job capacity, job performance, and job attitude in the low-carbon logistics sector. The case study results revealed that the investigated company enjoyed initial success after having promoted low-carbon concepts and values to its non-managerial employees, and the success was demonstrated by excellent performance in its employees' job attitude and knowledge. This study adopts the AHP method to reasonably determine an indicator system of performance evaluation and its weight to avoid certain human-caused bias. This study not only fills the gap in the related literature, but can also be applied to industrial practice."
AB Purpose - The purpose of this paper is to analyze the keywords used in peer-reviewed literature on green supply chain management.
"AB The logistics packaging are causing increasingly serious environmental pollution, the future development of recyclable green logistics packaging (RGLP) is attracting widespread attention. The implementation of RGLP requires the joint effort s of government s, logistics enterprises and consumers. To identify the optimal strategy for RGLP, this paper studies the behavioural choice of governments, logistics enterprises and consumers. First, a three-party evolutionary game model is constructed among governments, logistics enterprises and consumers. Second, evolutionary stable strategies (ESS) are discussed. Finally, a numerical simulation of the model is conducted to analyze the impact of some key parameters on the behaviour of governments, logistics enterprises and consumers. The results show that when government subsidies increase, logistics enterprises will develop and implement RGLP faster. When the rewards of logistics enterprises' increase, consumers will respond to corporate rewards to different degrees according to the level of environmental awareness. When environmental awareness is low, enterprise rewards will make consumers choose to use RGLP significantly faster. When the cycle times of RGLP increase, the effect on logistics enterprises will be reduced because of the upper limit of the parameters. The results provide a theoretical basis for the implementation of RGLP, which is helpful for governments and logistics enterprises to make more scientific and reasonable decisions. (C) 2021 Institution of Chemical Engineers. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB Purpose This paper studies green vehicle routing problems of cold chain logistics with the consideration of the full set of greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and an optimization model of green vehicle routing for cold chain logistics (with an acronym of GVRPCCL) is developed. The purpose of this paper is to minimize the total costs, which include vehicle operating cost, quality loss cost, product freshness cost, penalty cost, energy cost and GHG emissions cost. In addition, this research also investigates the effect of changing the vehicle maximum load in relation to cost and GHG emissions. Design/methodology/approach This study develops a mathematical optimization model, considering the total cost and GHG emission. The standard particle swarm optimization and modified particle swarm optimization (MPSO), based on an intelligent optimization algorithm, are applied in this study to solve the routing problem of a real case. Findings The results of this study show the extend of the proposed MPSO performing better in achieving green-focussed vehicle routing and that considering the full set of GHG costs in the objective functions will reduce the total costs and environmental-diminishing emissions of GHG through the comparative analysis. The research outputs also evaluated the effect of different enterprises' conditions (e.g. customers' locations and demand patterns) for better distribution routes planning. Originality/value Prior studies, particularly in green cold chain logistics vehicle routing problem, are fairly limited. The prior works revolved around GHG emissions problem have not considered methane and nitrous oxides. This study takes into account the characteristics of cold chain logistics and the full set of GHGs."
"AB The design of reverse logistics networks has now emerged as a major issue for manufacturers, not only in developed countries where legislation and societal pressures are strong, but also in developing countries where the adoption of reverse logistics practices may offer a competitive advantage. This paper presents a new model for partner selection for reverse logistic centres in green supply chains. The model offers three advantages. Firstly, it enables economic, environment and social factors to be considered simultaneously. Secondly, by integrating fuzzy set theory and artificial immune optimisation technology, it enables both quantitative and qualitative criteria to be considered simultaneously throughout the whole decision-making process. Thirdly, it extends the flat criteria structure for partner selection evaluation for reverse logistics centres to the more suitable hierarchy structure. The applicability of the model is demonstrated by means of an empirical application based on data from a Chinese electronic equipment and instruments manufacturing company."
"AB This paper provides a systematic review on the subject of environmental sustainability in the service industry of logistics service providers (LSPs) to analyse the advances of the literature on the topic and pick out appropriate research questions to investigate. The literature review has been performed using two academic databases and spans the years 1960-2014. The paper shows that despite the increasing number of papers on the subject, several areas of research are still being neglected. In particular, the paper highlights six main literature gaps concerning the classification of green initiatives, the impact of green initiatives on LSP performance, the evaluation of sustainability performance, the factors influencing the adoption of environmental sustainability initiatives, the customer perspective in the sustainable supply chain, and the information and communication technologies supporting green initiatives. Starting from these six gaps, eight research questions have been identified. These research questions represent possible emerging areas of investigation on the topic. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB With increasing global awareness of environmental issues, international environmental protection policies and regulations have been enacted. Many enterprises have manufactured the products or required their suppliers to meet international standards to gain business opportunities and maintain competitiveness. Hence, the green investment, reverse logistics management, control and corporate responsibilities, and increasing profit and reducing operating costs ensure that enterprises competitive advantages are central to enterprise management. In this study, literature analysis and experts survey were adopted, and questionnaires were administered to three optoelectronic enterprises and experts, to calculate the weights of all critical success factors and thus analyze the important reasons. The study results are as follows. To establish the optoelectronic industry and introduce reverse logistics, there are five dimensions: economic cost, customer need, environmental protection need, green need, and social responsibility. The weights of the dimensions are arranged in order: economic cost (0.363), customer need (0.268), environmental protection need (0.163), green need (0.112), and social responsibility (0.095). In addition, there are 17 evaluation indexes."
"AB Increase in environmental pollution makes companies give more importance to this issue, and as such, there is a need to take into account the necessary precautions. In particular, logistics service providers who are interwoven with the environment should apply some policies to increase environmental awareness. In this paper, we extended the ELECTRE method and proposed a new methodology for handling fuzzy multi criteria decision making problems based upon interval type-2 fuzzy sets. Interval type-2 fuzzy sets provided more df to reflect the uncertainty and the fuzziness of the real applications. An empirical study was presented in order to evaluate the green logistics service providers. A sensitivity analysis was applied to discuss and evaluate the greenness of the logistic service providers."
"AB Purpose The purpose of this paper is to investigate how customer pressure influences green innovation in the context of Chinese third-party logistics (3PL) providers, and especially the role of organizational culture in moderating this relationship."
"AB In this study, the authors propose a novel method to encrypt a colour image by use of Logistic mapping and double random-phase encoding. Firstly, use Logistic mapping to diffuse the colour image, then the red, green and blue components of the result are scrambled by replacement matrices generated by Logistic mapping. Secondly, by utilising double random-phase encoding to encrypt the three scrambled images into one encrypted image. Experiment results reveal the fact that the proposed method not only can achieve good encryption result, but also that the key space is large enough to resist against common attack."
"AB This study examined the relationship between technological innovation, logistics performance, economic growth, and carbon emissions. It assessed Green Supply Chain Management (GSCM) practices across 101 countries from 2010 to 2018. The panel quantile regression's results confirmed the hump-shaped relationship between technology-induced carbon emissions and countries' economic growth in different quantile distributions. Logistics-induced carbon emissions show an increasing relationship with economic growth obstructing GSCM's agenda at the entire quantile distribution. The impact of insurance and financial services (IFS) and industry value-added positively affects the per capita income of countries GSCM practices. The causal inferences exhibit a feedback relationship between technological innovation, carbon emissions, logistics performance, and economic growth. In contrast, industry value-added Granger causes economic growth and IFS across countries. The results indicate that carbon damage primarily obstructs GSCM practices worldwide."
"AB This panel study investigates the relationship between green logistics indices, economic, environmental, and social factors in the perspective of Asian emerging economies. This study adopted Fully Modified OLS (FMOLS) Model and Dynamic OLS (DOLS) Model methods to test the research hypothesis, catering the problem of endogeneity and serial correlation. The results suggest that logistics operations, particularly LPI2 (efficiency of customs clearance processes), LPI4 (quality of logistics services), and LPI5 (trade and transport-related infrastructure), are positively and significantly correlated with per capita income, manufacturing value added and trade openness, whereas greater logistics operations are negatively associated with social and environmental problems including, climate change, global warming, carbon emissions, and poisoning atmosphere. In addition, human health is badly affected by heavy smog, acid rainfall, and water pollution. The findings further extend and reveal that political instability, natural disaster, and terrorism are also a primary cause of poor economic growth and environmental sustainability with poor trade and logistics infrastructure. There is very limited empirical work presented in the literature using renewable energy and green ideology to solve macro-level social and environmental problems, and this study will assist the policy makers and researchers to understand the importance of the green concept in improving countries' social, economic, and environmental performance."
"AB Purpose The purpose of this study is to identify sustainability practices and to propose a framework for evaluating the sustainability index of logistics service providers (LSPs). Design/methodology/approach Sustainable practices followed by LSPs are identified through literature review and analysis of a case study. Thirteen such sustainable practices are identified. Thereafter, with expert inputs, nine sustainable practices are shortlisted and considered for the evaluation of the sustainability index in the proposed framework. Graph Theory Matrix Approach has been applied to evaluate the sustainability index of an LSP. Findings Major practices identified for evaluating sustainability index include the use of recyclable packaging, use of renewable energy sources, green procurement, reduction in carbon emissions, use of CNG/electric vehicles, rainwater harvesting and so on. The sustainability index of an LSP is evaluated by using the proposed framework. Practical implications LSPs can benchmark their sustainability index with respect to the best in the industry. Based on it, LSPs can also identify potential areas for improvement. Originality/value Novelty of the study lies in the proposed framework for evaluation of sustainability index which can be used to develop strategies for green logistics. LSPs can also improve their performance in terms of sustainability measures by adopting green logistics."
"AB A relevant and practical research object is analyzed in the article - green supply chain management measures' application realization. Despite the multiple theoretical and empirical research executed, there is still lack of Siauliai regional outlook of the studies revealing the advantages and disadvantages for applying the methods of green logistics. The purpose of the article is identifying the management tools of the green supply chain in the functional stages of the supply chain, to determine their expression and obstacles in implementing these measures in the enterprises of the Siauliai region. To achieve the green supply chain management measures' application realization and problems in Siauliai region's companies, scientific literature analysis and a survey (n = 275) were conducted in regional companies. Research has revealed that most of Siauliai region's companies apply the green measures in manufacturing and service, while the most problematic area is utilization. Siauliai district's production companies prioritize the green supply chain management measures more than trading and service companies."
"AB The effectiveness of a reverse logistics strategy is contingent upon the successful execution of activities related to materials and product reuse. Green supply chain (GSC) in reverse logistics aims to minimize byproducts from ending up in landfills. This paper considers a retailer responsible for recycling and a manufacturer responsible for remanufacturing. Customer environmental awareness (CEA) is operationalized as customer word-of-mouth effect. We form three game theoretic models for two different scenarios with different pricing strategies, i.e. a non-cooperative pricing scenario based on Stackelberg equilibrium and Nash equilibrium, and a joint pricing scenario within a cooperative game model. The paper suggests that stakeholders are better off making their pricing and manufacturing decision in cooperation."
"AB This article examines how regional policymakers in Southern California deployed a green growth strategy that cemented racial, environmental, and class precariousness into the region's ecological fabric. It uses participant observation and extant data to show how environmentalist statecraft provided ideological cover for a type of neo-Keynesian logistics growth regime that used infrastructure spending to stimulate the economy without addressing underlying issues of racial, economic, and environmental justice. Urban political ecology and racial capitalism are used as theoretical frameworks to stretch the boundaries of how sustainability is conceptualized and to challenge assumptions behind a green capitalism framework. Finally, the article examines how labor and environmental justice activists used what Sze etal. (2009, 836) called ""cultural and ecological discourses"" to challenge the green capitalist agenda by incorporating subaltern spatial imaginaries."
"AB In China, the government proposes the corresponding incentive policies to promote the logistics enterprises of the green sustainable development. This paper adopts the method of Combination Fusion Analysis (CFA) towards the government incentive issues. It initials the scheme of resource allocation optimization in governmental incentive policies on green supply chain. After reviewing the present government incentive benefit evaluations, it determines the final resource optimization allocation scheme. The scheme of the resource allocation is extended to different industry applications. Finally, the resource allocation optimization is verified through the empirical analysis."
"AB Background: Along with the very dynamic development of e-commerce, the number of logistics operations involved in order fulfilment is increasing at a similar rate in B2C relationships. Each product must be completed, packed and shipped or handed over for collection by the customer. Although online shopping is very convenient for customers, it has a negative impact on the environment. The problem lays with the transportation of individual shipments, additional packaging and materials used for this purpose, and returns. The aim of this paper is to present the main logistics challenges related to ecofriendly e-commerce and examine the influence of the green logistics approach in e-commerce on customer satisfaction and loyalty."
"AB The Internet of Things (IoT) vision enables multiple of resource-constrained embedded devices, objects, and humans to connect together through the Internet protocol for a ubiquitous data exchange. Logistics is considered to be a key player poised from this vision to achieve the full visibility and transparency through leveraging the pervasive interconnectivity to collect reliable and safe real-time data. In addition, the valuable information extracted and transformed from the IoT data can be exploited to create intelligent services and applications to improve the logistics activities as well as the overall performance of logistics operations. This paper aims at reviewing the state-of-the-art applications of IoT in the logistics sector. Although the adoption of IoT potentially gains huge benefits, there still exist barriers preventing the full adoption of IoT in the logistics. This paper also discusses such challenges that promise to expose a wide range of open research regarding the integration of IoT in the logistics domain."
"AB Green logistics is an emerging area in supply chain management, which has been shown to have tremendous impacts in recent years to face the serious climate changes risks. In this paper, the fuel consumption and fuzzy travel time have been delineated in developing and solving the green-fuzzy vehicle routing problem as an extension of the celebrated VRP in which routes are performed to reduce the total expenditure. Different from the existing solution manners, we transform the original fuzzy chance constrained programming model into an equivalent deterministic model, and then revise the original hybrid intelligent algorithm by replacing the embedded fuzzy simulation with analytical function calculation. Finally, a comparative study with the corresponding literature is performed, which shows that the revised algorithm can not only improve the solution accuracy but also shorten the runtime greatly."
"AB We consider a Keller-Segel type chemotaxis model with logarithmic sensitivity and logistic growth. The logarithmic singularity in the system is removed via the inverse Hopf-Cole transformation. We then linearize the system around a constant equilibrium state, and obtain a detailed, pointwise description of the Green's function. The result provides a complete solution picture for the linear problem. It also helps to shed light on small solutions of the nonlinear system."
"AB This paper presents a methodology that helps managers evaluate how to assess the impact of postponement on supply chain performance considering logistics and ecological criteria. We consider a green supply chain design that considers CO2 transport emissions under different postponement strategy scenarios using a simulation tool. The paper focuses on a relevant extension of postponement theory by including green considerations into the evaluation of postponement strategies in green supply chain design. Moreover, it provides some insight on how to measure and evaluate the impact of postponement regarding supply chain transport performance, considering different transport mode (container ocean ship and truck) using the European Platform on Life-Cycle Assessment (EPLCA) of ELCD - European Life-Cycle Database. The study has demonstrated that logistics and packing postponement strategies can improve the performance of logistics (total inventory and order lead-time) and, at the same time contribute to reducing the environmental impact of CO2 emissions from transportation process. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB This article constructs an environmental logistics performance index (ELPI) for assessing the overall performance in green transportation and logistics practices of 112 countries. The index is measured by logistics performance index (LPI), CO2 emissions and oil consumption from the transport sector, using a range-adjusted measure (RAM) of the data envelopment analysis (DEA). ELPI effectively reflects the tradeoff between logistics efficiency and environmental protection in transportation. This article analyzes the impact of income and region on ELPI scores and discusses those countries' reduction potential in oil consumption intensity and carbon intensity. The main finding of the research work is that ELPI is strongly correlated with LPI, and countries with high performance in LPI generally perform well in ELPI. Similar to the characteristics of LPI, ELPI is also closely related to income and region. During our study period, high income countries performed best, while Sub-Saharan Africa countries performed worst. However, some exceptions such as Venezuela, RB and Benin, indicate that the level of development of logistics performance and green transportation can outperform or lag behind their income or region group peers."
"AB Purpose This paper takes its starting point in the possibilities consumers have to influence the greening of distribution. It focuses on three key actors who can facilitate consumer influence, namely e-tailers, logistics service providers (LSPs) and the consumers themselves. The purpose is to illuminate consumers' possibilities to influence the greening of distribution by exploring the communication between LSPs, e-tailers and consumers. Design/methodology/approach Website scans of the 40 largest Swedish e-tailers and ten LSPs were combined with interviews of three e-tailers and three LSPs. Findings The findings suggest that consumers at present have limited possibilities to influence the greening of distribution. One reason for this is the limited communication between LSPs, e-tailers and consumers. A gap in communication arises because e-tailers determine how to promote distribution alternatives on their websites, while it is the LSPs who develop and offer green distribution services. Research limitations/implications This paper provides a first step in our understanding of what is needed in order to facilitate green distribution decisions from e-consumers. Practical implications E-tailers can gain an increased understanding of their important role as facilitators of environmentally sound decisions for consumers through their design of websites. This study also highlights the need for LSPs to support e-tailers in this work. Social implications The study contributes to the societal striving towards zero greenhouse gas emission by focussing on decreasing environmental effects by using suitable logistics. Originality/value In contrast with previous research into the environmental impact of e-commerce distribution, this study investigates the possibilities consumers have to influence green logistics within e-commerce."
"AB Background: For many logistics service providers and shippers sustainable transport is still a relatively recent issue, even if almost every transportation company is engaged in sustainability. Each has had different experiences with making transportation more sustainable. By looking at the efforts and successes of others sharing these experiences could help shippers and logistics service providers to obtain new innovative ideas of how to become more sustainable. The certification organization Green Freight Europe (GFE) wants to develop a database for these types of experiences in order to encourage its members to generate sustainable initiatives."
"AB This study investigates how green supply chain management (GSCM) practices help translate the proactive environmental strategies (PES) of third-party logistics providers (TPLs) into enhanced economic and environmental performances. The survey data from 232 French TPLs suggest that the positive influence of PES orientations on environmental performance depends on the types of GSCM practices that are mobilised. More specifically, the study reveals that environmental performance is positively influenced by both eco-efficiency and eco-branding orientations through three main GSCM practices: distribution and transport, warehousing and green building, and reverse logistics. However, neither of these orientations influence environmental performance through two other GSCM practices: cooperation with customers and eco design and packaging, and only eco-efficiency orientations positively influence environmental performance through green supply. The study further suggests that an improved environmental performance helps TPLs increase their economic performance. Overall, this study offers interesting insights into the role of GSCM practices in managing TPLs' PES orientations to improve their performances."
"AB This study aims to identify the main practices of green logistics cost management, from a single and detailed analysis in an agro-industry of the southern region of Brazil, in order to provide indicatives and possibilities of adequations. Therefore, interviews and verification of internal processes were performed and was established specific and sequential analysis procedures that involves: (i) verification of the green logistic practices used in relation to those presented in the literature; (ii) identification ot the costs elements modified or improved by this practices; (iii) analyzis of the different ways of managing these costs. It is used as a base the green logistic practices identified by Engelage, Borgert and De Souza (2016), classified by a taxonomy which involves nine components. The results indicates that the company researched uses about 75% of the analyzed practices with the addition of two that were not included in the literary findings, aimed at recycling programs in the community and water saving policies. In relation to the costs elements modified or improved and their management, it is verified that among the verified items, many, in a first time, are not separately controlled, but the relevant information are entered into an integrated system and verifiable. Also it founds that the company does not use specific tools and cost management methodologies, but many of their practices are similar to the methods known in the academy."
"AB Green consumption behaviors are based on consumers' attitude. However, there is a gap between them. Improving green consumption attitude will to a large extent affect the acceptance of green consumption. The study interviewed consumers in four representative cities in China through questionnaires, which was to search for a solution that affect consumers' willingness to pay for green products by employing a multivariate logistic regression. Furthermore, an empirical analysis was made to study their green consumption behaviors. It is shown that Chinese consumers have already been aware of green consumption to a certain extent and that green consumption willingness is influenced by age, location, sources of information, and a host of other factors. At present, nearly half of the consumers are willing to pay an extra of no more than 5% for green products, which is lower than the premium price for green products relative to non-green ones. However, the actual premium price of green products in China exceeds this level in general, rendering green products a less advantageous position in markets. Approaches including multiple marketing channels, trade-in services, and green branding can effectively raise consumers' reserve price for green products. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
AB Background: The implementation of green supply chain management activities as a business strategy remains unfamiliar to many small and medium enterprises (SMEs) in developing countries such as South Africa.
"AB This study proposes a multi-objective green cyclic inventory routing problem (MOGCIRP) model to capture the influence of both transportation and inventory management toward cost and environmental issues. The proposed IRP considers single and multiple cyclic tours, handling time, and capacitated fleet with weight dependent fuel consumption to model more comprehensive logistics activities. A discrete multi-swarm particle swarm optimization (PSO) and a heuristic optimization are proposed to yield the Pareto set of MOCGIRP. Results show that inventory management activities contribute considerably (17-22%) to total cost and emission rate. Additionally, multiple tours performance is consistently better than single tour method."
"AB Today, logistics activities have become a major source of pollution that affects the environment and green logistics is becoming a hot topic. A logistics company's operating strategy determines the direction of logistics activities and impact degree of logistics activities on the environment. And in logistics enterprises, there is a direct relationship between efficiency and collaboration as collaboration can reduce logistics costs and the negative impact of the bullwhip effect and increase the service level. Synergy degree evaluation, therefore, is crucial to analyze collaboration, identify vulnerabilities, promote development and is also a key step in building a green logistics system. This paper employs Synergetics to comprehensively evaluate the synergy degree in sustainable logistics enterprises. First, Synergetics is introduced to evaluate the synergy degree of sustainable logistics enterprises and the basic Synergetics principles are presented. Second, based on the Law of the Factors of Production, the synergy elements and logistics enterprise content is divided into three main factors: subject elements, object elements and facility and equipment elements. Then, a measurement model and framework for the synergy degree of logistics enterprises is built. Finally, a case study is given to verify the effectiveness of the proposed model and framework. It was found that the higher the logistics enterprise synergy degree, the higher the efficiency."
"AB Purpose The purpose of this paper is to understand how logistics service providers manage their operations for sustainable service quality and operational excellence. This study is also trying to propose a framework for measuring service quality index along with some research propositions for analyzing service quality and operational excellence. Design/methodology/approach The detailed case analysis on sustainable practices of Indian logistics service providers (LSPs) has been done on the basis of case study approach suggested by Eisenhardt (1989). After this case analysis, service quality index is evaluated for the given company based on Cleveland et al. (1989) framework. The SWOT and performance analysis of the case organization has been also done, which is further followed by development of framework and propositions for analyzing service quality and operational excellence for LSPs. Findings It can be observed from in-depth case analysis that LSPs are making use of green practices to conserve resources for long-term sustainability. LSPs optimize their resources and use sustainable practices in the form of use of reusable and recyclable packaging materials, rain water harvesting, use of solar panels, innovations such as trucking cube, safety concern toward goods and contribution toward environment and society. Practical implications - Resources optimization and green management practices are essential for LSPs for benchmarking environmental performance and for improving service quality and operational excellence."
"AB Carbon emissions due to economic activities are recognized to be global problem. Governments of all countries need to evolve environmental policies and practices for large-scale collective actions to regulate green house gas emission. Fuel quality standards for vehicles, stricter codes for construction, emission limits for industrial units and power plants are some of measures advocated to speed up emission control. This study investigates how far different sectors of a developing economy are able to manage green supply chain with respect to 4 aspects of environmental practices viz. Green procurement, green logistics, green products and process designs and regulatory framework. Globally, corporate social responsibility (CSR) assumes significance in recent years not only with respect to societal issues but also for environmental protection. Research suggests that CSR department creates culture for implementation of CSR activities. We investigate whether CSR departments in the sample organizations have made any difference in achieving emission control objectives. Data are from manufacturing organizations in a congested industrial region of India. We apply non-parametric Kruskal-Wallis and Mann-Whitney tests; then regression analysis is carried out to ascertain predictability of carbon reduction performance with respect to 4 environmental constructs. Results highlight positive roles of inclusion of green enablers-green procurement, green logistics, green product and process design as contributory factors for improvement in carbon performance and reveal that green logistics in the given scenario need major improvement in carbon performance. Our model also considers the impact of size of the organization on carbon performance in terms of workforce."
"AB The realization of ecological logistics evaluation model based on BCPSGA-BP neural network is beneficial to improve the level of logistics management in China, to achieve the purpose of energy saving and emission reduction, environmental protection and sustainable development. This paper discusses the construction of ecological logistics model through green logistics, agile logistics, lean logistics, reverse logistics, environmental protection logistics, recycling logistics, cleaner production and other logistics forms under the background of electronic commerce, Finally, CPSGA-BP neural network is proposed as an evaluation model to achieve the objective and accurate assessment of the ecological logistics performance model, and provides strong evidence and support for the development of ecological logistics."
"AB The 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development was defined by United Nations Member States to provide a list of sustainable development goals (SDGs) aimed to achieve a more sustainable future. Greenhouse gas and CO2 emissions are now at their highest levels in history, and freight transport and logistics service industry has been recognized as one of the main contributors to environmental degradation. Nowadays, the influence of enabling technologies and green practices on business activities is growing and offers interesting opportunities to large firms and small and medium enterprises (SMEs) operating in freight transport and logistics service industry. More in details, affordable and scalable practices and solutions are now available to support companies to adopt measures able to reduce emissions and promote climate action goals. On the other hand, specific policies supporting the adoption of innovative practices and technologies are playing a pivotal role in assisting companies and supply chains to achieve SDGs. In this context, this paper analyses the degree of adoption of emerging green practices and enabling technologies in European logistics service providers (LSPs). The results of the cross-country analysis highlight a variety of behaviours of LSPs operating in the different countries in terms of managerial and technological strategies."
"AB The paper presents an approach to encrypt the color images using bit-level permutation and alternate logistic map. The proposed method initially segregates the color image into red, green, and blue channels, transposes the segregated channels from the pixel-plane to bit-plane, and scrambles the bit-plane matrix using Arnold cat map (ACM). Finally, the red, blue, and green channels of the scrambled image are confused and diffused by applying alternate logistic map that uses a four-dimensional Lorenz system to generate a pseudorandom number sequence for the three channels. The parameters of ACM are generated with the help of Logistic-Sine map and Logistic-Tent map. The intensity values of scrambled pixels are altered by Tent-Sine map. One-dimensional and two-dimensional logistic maps are used for alternate logistic map implementation. The performance and security parameters histogram, correlation distribution, correlation coefficient, entropy, number of pixel change rate, and unified averaged changed intensity are computed to show the potential of the proposed encryption technique."
"AB Although considerable research has investigated the influence of institutional pressures on environmental practices, few studies have examined its impact on innovation among third-party logistics (3PL) providers. Moreover, extant scholarship equivocates on the relationships between various institutional pressures and green innovation. Different industries develop unique responses to their contexts and 3PL providers may counter environmental issues unlike other sectors (e.g., manufacturing). Integrating the institutional theory and natural-resource-based view, this paper examines green innovations of 3PL providers as a response to their institutional pressures and to gain competitive advantages, as well as explores the contingent effect of market uncertainty. Based on survey data acquired from 165 3PL providers in China, the empirical results suggest customer pressure and competitive pressure significantly impel 3PL providers to adopt a green innovation, while to this point, regulatory pressure has not affected such innovation. Additionally, green innovation positively affects financial performance for 3PL providers in China. Moreover, market uncertainty alleviates the driving effect of customer pressure on green innovation, but amplifies its contributive effect on performance. Research implications for green innovation in the 3PL context, practical implications, and future research direction are discussed."
"AB This paper aims to evaluate the sustainable performance within the concept of Green Port in the logistics operations. Through literature review about green port implementation in different ports worldwide, as well as the studies of various technologies and methods that aim to make the port environment more sustainable, this study will go through different levels, from the shipping loading and unloading, passing through all sectors and actors related to the movement of cargo inside the port, which may on the sustainable performance of the environment, to the inland transportation. The study focus on the reduction of emissions of pollutant gases such as sulfur oxides (Sox), oxides of nitrogen (NOx), atmospheric particulate matter (PM) and Carbon dioxide (CO2). The work addresses the possible innovations in the logistics operations inherent in the transportation, storage, and handling of goods, involving the analysis, types, and operations of the resources used in the port management of the largest port in Brazil, Port of Santos."
"AB The green vehicle routing problem advised by the global sustainability conscience is a seminal work on the contemporary green research in supply chain management. Inspired by the replete, pollution routing literature, the present work acknowledges the significance of redesigning the logistic networks in a low emission perspective. The present research proposes three logistic models to address the vehicle routing problem of a dairy plant for collecting milk from chilling centres. The first model generates classical, distance centric and economically viable milk pickup plans. In the second model, the environmental friendly routes are generated. The third model is slated to bring a tradeoff between the first two models. The three models are formulated as integer linear programming models and are solved with branch-and-bound based exact algorithm. Owing to the complexity of the NP-hard problem for generating time-bound results, an ant colony optimisation algorithm is designed to solve the models. The performance of the algorithm is further enhanced by introducing a powerful variable neighbourhood search. The computational study on hybrid algorithm reports an average 0.25% improvement from a time interrupted solution of the exact algorithm. The study recommends decisive managerial insights for implementing green principles to the dairy industry."
"AB Assuming that the core enterprise's preference to the services of the two dominant logistics enterprises in the upstream supply chain obeys the uniform distribution, this paper examines the main influencing factors on the decision-making of the two logistics enterprises by the extended Hotelling's model. The results show that the decision-making is mainly affected by such factors as: the bit value at the initial state of each dominant enterprise, the cost difference between the two dominant enterprises, and the deviation cost ratio of the core enterprise's choice; under certain conditions, there exist the intervals for the maximum differentiation strategy and the maximum assimilation strategy. The research sheds new light on the green innovation strategy of supply chain logistics enterprises."
"AB As members of society, companies are exposed to social changes and pressures. Hence, an interest to be more environmentally friendly appears and rises in their core. Therefore, the supply chain management concept became ""greener"" with the development, among other practices, of reverse logistics programs. Both external pressures and internal factors, such as reducing costs and increasing operational performance, are motivating companies to pay more attention to the reverse flow. Unfortunately, there are still many boundaries that hinder the implementation of reverse logistics. Some of these obstacles include additional costs, the desire for deep collaboration with suppliers and customers, and the belief of some managers that are managing reverse flow that it is not worth the trouble. On the contrary, those who have assimilated its importance and advantages are interested in new and innovative tools that could contribute to more effective and efficient results, including the role of RFID technology."
"AB This paper aims to investigate the training requirements of diverse target groups engaged with logistics and supply chain management in the agri-food industry focusing on cereals and rice, and deploy the findings for the development of an e-training program. A field research was conducted with personal interviews to mainly logistics department supervisors of more than 150 firms, in order to detect gaps in their skills and competencies on the application of green practices in the agri-food supply chain. As a result, an e-training program was developed to support trainees to enhance their knowledge and skills in the field, and in turn to increase agri-food supply chain effectiveness and competitiveness. This paper also presents the curriculum content development, which was based on training needs analysis. The utilisation of the Moodle platform for the curriculum content building and the e-training program implementation and delivery, is also discussed."
"AB The adoption of automatic warehousing systems, a type of green technology, has been an emerging trend in the logistics industry. In this study, we develop a conceptual model using a technology-organization-environment framework to investigate the factors which influence logistics firms to adopt green technology. Our model proposes that the adoption of green technology is influenced by perceived advantage, cost, technological turbulence, business partner influence, firm size, firm scope and operational performance. The objective of this study is to identify the conditions, as well as the contributing factors, for the adoption of automatic warehousing systems in logistics firms. Data were collected from 98 firms in China, and structural equation modeling with partial least squares is adopted to analyze the data. The results suggest that high perceived relative advantage, firm size, cost, firm scope, operation performance, technological turbulence and influence of business partners are important factors affecting IT adoption in small businesses. Therefore, decision support should be provided for enterprises from the three aspects of technology, organization and environment to improve the adoption of automatic warehousing systems."
"AB This study explores the impact of green supply chain (GSC) practices on the enterprise performance in the context of Chinese manufacturing enterprises. A sample of 415 companies' data was collected from the Chinese manufacturing industry. There are five predictors, including green distribution, green purchasing, green manufacturing, green information system, and eco-design, that were measured for the GSC practices. The GSC practices were measured by five predictors, including green distribution, green purchasing, green manufacturing, green information system, and eco-design. By using exploratory analysis and linear multiple regression analysis, the findings show that except for green distribution, rest of the independent variables have been found to be positively significant to predict enterprise performance. However, the green purchasing has revealed the greatest impact on enterprise performance. Therefore, senior management of the enterprises should implement green practices in their supply chain to increase the overall performance. In future, researchers can conduct comparative studies between manufacturing industry and other industries. In addition, they may bring in some other independent variables, including green logistics, co-operation with customers, and green transportation system. In this research, we estimate the economic and environmental performances together as enterprise performance. But in future, researchers may also calculate the economic and environmental performances separately."
"AB Drawing on the natural resource-based view and coordination theory, this study examines the extent to which different combinations of internal and external green supply chain management (GSCM) practices influence third-party logistics providers? (TPLs) operational and financial performances. A fuzzy-set qualitative comparative analysis of survey data from 232 TPLs shows that combined internal and external GSCM practices improve both operational and financial performances. However, taking into account the TPLs? size allows alternative combinations of GSCM practices: a combination of green supply and eco-design packaging improves small TPLs? performances, whereas a combination of all GSCM practices, except investment recovery and reverse logistics, improves large TPLs? performances. By using fuzzy-set qualitative comparative analysis instead of traditional linear methodologies, this study offers a new approach to determine the configurations of internal and external GSCM practices that lead to enhanced operational and financial performances in TPLs, rather than treating each GSCM practice separately."
"AB Over the past decade, the rapid development of e-commerce and express industries in China has resulted in huge environmental costs. Compared with manufacturing industries, the values of green innovation are less recognized in logistics industries. To promote the green practices in logistic enterprises, it is imperative to have a thorough understanding of the determinants of green innovation adoption. To this end, this paper performs an empirical investigation into the intentions to adopt green innovation from 196 Chinese express companies. The determinant variables were constructed from the perspective of technology characteristics (perceived green usefulness and perceived integration ease of use), stakeholder pressure (government, customer, and platform pressures), and social influence. Then, a 20-item scale was designed based on the literature review and expert opinions. The results revealed the significant positive effects of technology characteristics and social influence on the intentions to adopt green innovation. Meanwhile, only the platform pressure was significant with the adopting intentions among the variables from stakeholder pressure. Moreover, variables from technology characteristics were found to have meditation effects between social influence and adopting intentions. Based on the findings, theoretical and practical implications are proposed to promote the green and sustainable development of express companies in China."
"AB Existing winner determination models tend to overlook the sustainable attributes of third party logistics (3PL) providers. This paper investigates a novel green winner determination problem that has several features, including (i) the sustainable attributes with conflicting and interactive properties of potential 3PLs, and (ii) the loss-averse behavior with an inter nal reference point of a fourth party logistics (4PL) provider. For the attributes with a combination of crisp data, interval numbers and intuitionistic 2-tuple linguistic terms, we integrate the prospect theory (PT) and Choquet integral with the ""benefits, opportunities, costs and risks (BOCR)"" framework to propose a novel PTC-BOCR solution method. Numerical experiments are conducted to illustrate the effectiveness and applicability of PTC-BOCR by comparing it with some known methods. Comparison analysis indicates that PTC-BOCR is robust with respect to the variance of 3PLs' attribute values, while behavioral parameter analysis reveals that the loss-averse behavior of the 4PL is intensified as the difference of 3PLs varies. Managerial insights are also drawn for green 3PLs to win the auction. This study is a significant extension of traditional decision-making methods, which could benefit the realization of a sustainable logistics system in a cost-effective way for 4PLs. (c) 2020 Published by Elsevier Inc."
"AB This research examines the effects of green supply chain (SC) practices including recycling techniques, green logistics (G2), environmental protection trainings and programs, and green manufacturing. A data sample of 339 manufacturing firms was collected from the industrial area of Punjab, Pakistan. By using Structural Equation Modelling (SEM), the findings indicated that except GL, the remaining green practices (GP) have significant and positive association with the organizational performance. In addition, GL have insignificant effect on firms' performance due to government non seriousness, no financial subsidies on green technologies, heavy import duties, scarcity of green technologies/vehicles in Pakistan and that most firms import green vehicles from European and Western countries which incur huge costs into SC system in terms of long lead time. This study will help the policymakers and SC managers to understand the problems and current situation of GSCM in the manufacturing firms of Pakistan. Further, we also discuss research limitations, areas for future research."
"AB The field of green supply chain is expanding rapidly, and new authors are venturing in this field to conduct further research. Although some literature reviews have beeen conducted over time, a complete list of green supply chain practices is not available. Hence, the objective of this study is to present an up-to-date list of green supply chain practices. To achieve this, the study employed structured review process, as well as critically examined the contents to ensure that the data are filtered from high-quality peer-reviewed journals and from influential authors in this field. 91 highquality papers were selected from top ten journals in GSCM area to produce the list. A total of 58 green supply chain practices comprising 15 aspects were featured, e.g. reverse logistics, industrial symbiosis, green information technology, green design, carbon management etc. This paper contributes to the existing literature by providing a comprehensive list of aspects and practices of the green supply chain. Finally, limitations and directions for future studies are provided in the conclusion section."
AB Purpose The purpose of this paper is to provide a solution for greening the supply chain of small and medium enterprises (SMEs) by minimising the vehicular pollutant emission in the logistics network.
"AB With the rapid evolution of modern information technologies, various advanced logistics distribution modes and strategies have been put forward in the market. All sectors of society, including the government, have begun to focus on energy issues. How to realize an ideal supply-demand matching of logistics resources is one of the common issues and objectives. To facilitate the development of this platform for both academic researchers and industrial practitioners, a green urban closed-loop logistics distribution network model is proposed in this paper by using the supply and demand data of a logistics service consumer to obtain the optimized solution that minimizes the emissions of greenhouse gases and the overall operational cost. This study aims to assist enterprises to effectively reduce carbon emissions in the current logistics distribution process. This paper uses a case study to validate the feasibility and practicality of the proposed green logistics distribution model to help end-users optimize their daily operations. The results show that there is a negative correlation between the cost and carbon emissions under the shortest distribution routes. However, this negative correlation is not absolute, for instance, certain changes in distribution cost may lead to positive correlation between the cost and carbon emissions. The multi-objective Pareto optimization results also show that the combination of vehicles, including electric vehicles and fuel vehicles, is able to effectively achieve a win-win scenario including carbon emissions and distribution costs, which could be ideal for enterprises. Furthermore, the proposed model could also provide guiding significance for enterprises to achieve low carbon distribution and for governments to promote a low carbon agenda in the urban logistics network distribution system. (C) 2018 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB The layout of functional areas has a great impact on the implementing of a logistics park. Existing layout models with multiple planning objectives and influencing factors are too complex to be solved. This article puts forward a two-stage layout method for functional areas in logistics parks combining a layer-by-layer analysis process and a multi-objective programming model. Base on the rational setting of functional areas, the optimization of operational processes and the quantification of the interrelations between functional areas, some green logistic goals are achieved in two stages. In the first stage, the method aims at maximizing the comprehensive relationship among functional areas and obtaining the layout structure by the layer-by-layer analysis process. In the second stage, a multi-objective planning model is established to get the location and shape of each functional area, with the goals of minimizing the material handling costs and maximizing the spatial utilization rate. A genetic algorithm is designed to solve the model. Finally, an example is put forward to verify the feasibility of the two-stage layout method, and the comparison with the previous general model is presented. This article provides a new method for the layout planning of function areas in green logistics parks."
"AB The way globally accepted for the representation of economic growth, and the evolution of a country, does not take into accounts the environmental assets and liabilities. This article suggests a shift this paradigm by implementing green economy concept and environmental goals to achieve an appropriate level in terms of pollution at a lower cost to society. The focus of the study is given to the management of waste electrical and electronic equipment (WEEE), particularly in the reverse logistics of WEEE as a potential tool for economic growth maintenance condition with sustainability. A diagnosis on the use of reverse logistics of WEEE in the world is also presented based on research conducted in countries on five continents. At the end of the study it was concluded that the application of reverse logistics in the world is still incipient with no evidence of the use of economic instruments that give opportunity for growth and sustainability. Accordingly, it is emphasized that the management of WEEE practiced in most countries has shown motivation solely on financial profit based on the export/import of waste in a kind of ruse coated green taking into account the environmental and health risks of the population in developing or in development countries, which are the main final destination of WEEE."
"AB In the challenge of making transports and logistics greener, logistics service providers (LSPs) play a central role as the operators of freight transport. Their customers, the shippers, also play an important role in environmental development. Research has identified discrepancies between LSPs and shippers in their environmental practices. This paper takes a relational approach addressing these discrepancies, and the purpose is to develop the understanding of why environmental practices can both flourish and fade in provider-shipper relationships and networks. Paradoxes provide a theoretical lens, while an in-depth case study of two networks provides the empirical basis for the paper. The networks include relationships between LSPs and shippers. Findings show that paradoxes help to raise contextual awareness in the greening of these relationships. Paradoxes in many instances cause environmental practices to fade. One example is when an LSP's environmental ambition gives opportunities for environmental practices, but is limited by the financial goals of the shippers. Findings also indicate that if there are possibilities to relax the paradoxes, environmental practices may instead flourish in the relationships. One example of such a relaxation is environmental competence sustained and cultivated by an LSP, since such competence can increase the power position of the LSP."
"AB Taking carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions as the undesirable output, this paper measures the variation in the Green total factor productivity (GTFP) of China's Agricultural product logistics (APL) in 2000-2018, based on directional distance function (DDF) and Global Malmquist-Luenberger (GML) Productivity Index. The results show that, in the study period, the GTFP and technical efficiency of China's APL first decreased and then increased, while the technical level first increased and then decreased; the global difference in GTFP growth/reduction rate of the APL across China remained relatively low; the regions where the GTFP of the APL grew at a relatively fast rate obeyed random distribution. The research findings promote the rational design of the APL."
"AB In recent years, the topic of global warming has become a hot spot. At present, the emissions of carbon dioxide have become the main greenhouse gas composition, and have received the attention of all parties. Port is an important stage in the process of logistics and transportation. The large amounts of carbon emissions have brought a huge burden to environmental improvement. In order to develop green economy, a thorough research on the port logistics carbon emission management system is necessary. Under the premise of pertinence, the existing function of each node can be improved. Through the study of the specific model in the concept of Internet of things, the basic structure, intelligent node, gateway node and the various parts of the operating system of the port logistics carbon emission management system were investigated based on the idea of green and low-carbon. Hopefully this can be helpful to the management and decision related to carbon emissions for those port logistics enterprises."
"AB High temporal resolution remote sensing satellite data can be used to collect vegetation phenology observations over regional and global scales. Logistic and polynomial functions are the most widely used methods for fitting time series normalized difference vegetation index (NDVI) derived from the Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer (MODIS). Furthermore, the maximum in the curvature of the fitted curve is usually considered as the spring green-up date. However, the existing green-up date calculation methods have low accuracy for sparse vegetation. This paper proposes an improved green-up date calculation method using a coupled model and anomalous point detection (CMAPD). This model is based on a combination of logistic and polynomial functions, which is used to fit time series vegetation index. Anomalous values were identified using the nearest neighbor algorithm, and these values were corrected by the combination of growing degree-days (GDD) and land use type. Then, the trends and spatial patterns of green-up date was analyzed in the Sanjiangyuan area. The results show that the coupled model fit the time series data better than a single logistic or polynomial function. Besides, the anomalous point detection method properly controlled the green-up date within the local threshold, and could reflect green-up date more accurately. In addition, a weak statistically significant advance trend for average vegetation green-up date was observed from 2000 to 2016. However, in 10.4% of the study area, the the green-up date has significant advanced. Regression analysis showed that the green-up date is correlated to elevation: the green-up date is clearly later at higher elevations."
"AB The concept of the green supply chain leads to the recent expansion of the green logistics investigation. Under the mode of VMI (vendor managed inventory), integrating the inventory and routing of the supplier and the customer as a whole is vital to achieve the optimization of total distribution cost in distribution logistics systems. In this paper, the inventory routing problems on a two-echelon logistics system composed of a single distribution centre and multiple customers for multi-product in multi-period with time constrains is studied under the conditions of VMI strategy. Both inventory costs and distribution costs are considered in the logistics system, and an improved fuzzy genetic algorithm is proposed to solve the optimization model of IRP (inventory routing problems) for multi-product in multi-period with time constrains. It has been proved that the proposed algorithm is a very efficient approach for the IRPs. Finally, the effectiveness of the proposed algorithm and the optimization model are demonstrated through simulation of computational experiments."
"AB Sustainability is a necessity for the future earth. As international shipping, the lifeblood of the global economy, moves toward door-to-door, strategic planning for sustainability of such movements becomes extremely important and challenging. Extant research on strategic planning for sustainability in shipping is rare. This study adopts a structured literature review in conjunction with content analysis to identify whether the existing strategic planning encourages sustainability in international shipping. A broad review of maritime logistics is also conducted to understand whether its strategic planning contributes to sustainability. Key findings include (1) the most strategic planning in shipping is limited to ""port-to-port""; (2) the efforts of strategic planning toward sustainability in shipping are fragmented; (3) maritime logistics represents an active research area but lags behind in strategic planning; (4) proactive efforts to encourage green or sustainable maritime logistics have emerged; and (5) the research gaps include the distinction between the terms of sustainability, ""green,"" and ""sustainable,"" and the lack of an appropriate approach, methods, and a collaborative research-practice network of strategic planning for sustainability in international shipping. The findings suggest directions for future research to make international shipping fit for the sustainability challenge."
"AB Advancing smart production systems for green production remains a crucial priority for manufacturers, while the vision to achieve green supply chain management process (GSCMP) remains obstructed due to using less fuel-efficient technologies. This study suggested an intelligent logistics design that infused technological indicators with logistics performance indices (LPIs) to minimize carbon damages in a panel of 102 countries. The study used patent applications and trademark applications to analyze the technological progress, whereas LPIs-i.e., LPI-1 for assessing quality and competence services, and LPI-2 for trade and transport infrastructure-are used to determine supply chain management process across countries. The results show that carbon damages follow a U-shaped structure with technology-induced LPIs (TI-LPIs) and GDP per capita. The country's GDP per capita and TI-LPIs decrease carbon damages up to US$15,000,000, while the moderation of patents application (and trademark applications) with LPI1 and LPI2 substantially decreases carbon damages up to US$13,800,000 (US$34,100,000) and US$6,100,000 (US$20,200,000), respectively. The causality estimates confirmed the growth-led carbon damages, technology-led carbon damages, growth-led logistics indices, and technology-led growth across countries. The results emphasized the need to move forward by adopting fuel-efficient technologies to minimize carbon damages across countries."
"AB Purpose Various suggested paths for greening logistics and supply chains often address the specific perspectives of single supply chain actors. Drawing on stakeholder theory, the purpose of this paper is to develop a deeper understanding of the alignment between logistics service providers (LSPs) and shippers in the context of adopting more environmentally sustainable logistics practices. Design/methodology/approach With a case study approach, a dual perspective is taken in which both LSPs and shippers were researched. The cases comprise eight LSPs and six shipper companies in Sweden, Italy and Ireland. Information was first analysed in relation to levels of environmental awareness, customer requirements and provider offerings and critical success factors (CSFs) and inhibitors. In a second step, the findings were analysed using stakeholder theory. Findings LSPs demonstrate higher ambition levels and more concrete offerings compared to shippers' requirements for green logistics services. Paradoxically, customers are an important CSF and also an inhibitor for both LSPs and shippers. Both LSPs and shippers perceive financial factors and senior management priorities as important CSFs. The application of stakeholder theory helps to illuminate the importance of the many secondary stakeholders vs that of one or a relatively small number of primary stakeholders. Originality/value The three-dimensional analysis of environmental alignment between LSPs and shippers reinforces existing knowledge and provides new insights. A novel use of stakeholder theory in a supply chain context underlines its usefulness in research of this kind."
"AB Leading manufacturers in developed countries generally implement green practices and have high levels of environmental awareness. However, it is uncertain which practices are implemented and how they are implemented in the home appliance sector of emerging countries such as Brazil. The purpose of this study is to identify and analyze the practices of green supply chain management adopted by home appliance manufacturers. To analyze green practices in this industry, 5 manufacturers and 2 professional associations were used as case studies; this approach provided in-depth interviews about internal environmental management, reverse logistics, green purchasing, eco-design, life cycle assessment, waste management, and green manufacturing. Waste management was the most widely used technique among the research participants, and green purchasing and life cycle assessment practices were less widespread. Significant differences in the adoption of certain green supply chain management (GSCM) dimensions were observed between companies with ISO 14001 certification and non-certified companies. Suggestions for further developing GSCM in the home appliance industry are also presented. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB More and more organizations are involved in green supply chain practices to sustain business market competition, achieve customer loyalty, improve brand image, and minimize negative environmental impacts. Examples of these practices are green design, green purchasing, green manufacturing, green packaging, green logistics, and green marketing. In this paper, we investigate barriers in green supply chain management and identify the 'critical' or 'vital' using Pareto analysis. The data for green supply chain barriers is extracted using literature review and expert surveys. Pareto analysis is conducted on the two data sources to identify the priority barriers and the common barriers are determined as 'vital few'. The results of our study yield 'difficulty in transforming positive environmental attitudes into action' and 'lack of awareness about reverse logistics adoption' as the top priority barriers followed by 'high cost of hazardous waste disposal', 'perception of ""out of responsibility"" zone', 'lack of R&D capability on ESER (Environmental and Sustainability Education Research)', and 'lack of corporate social responsibility'. These barriers are related to awareness, cost, commitment and resources. Interested organizations should therefore put focus on these barriers to make green supply chain practices successful."
"AB Background: For South African small and medium enterprises (SMEs) to gain and maintain competitive advantages and succeed, they have to change their practices and adapt their strategies to the dynamic environment of today. A better understanding and application of green supply chain management practices by SMEs could enable such enterprises to improve their performance and succeed in their operations."
"AB Paper presents measures for reducing CO2 in logistic operations, especially transportation. Fundamental measures (transport fuels, improving vehicle efficiency, vehicle technology, transport efficiency, traffic infrastructure management, integration of transport systems, safety and security, economic aspects of change, broader environmental impacts, equity and accessibility, information and awareness, infrastructure, pricing and taxation and regulation) have been recognized, and discussed. Data obtained using questionnaires on substantial number of experts has been used and statistically processed. Using data mining techniques, authors have isolated information from a data set and converted it into an comprehensible structure for additional utilisation. Correlation analysis, multilevel hierarchy and principal factor analysis have been used. Finally, Bayesian classifier method is used to define Bayesian network in order to show interconnections between chosen factors."
"AB In order to solve the optimization problem of logistics distribution system for fresh food, this paper provides a low-carbon and environmental protection point of view, based on the characteristics of perishable products, and combines with the overall optimization idea of cold chain logistics distribution network, where the green and low-carbon location-routing problem (LRP) model in cold chain logistics is developed with the minimum total costs as the objective function, which includes carbon emission costs. A hybrid genetic algorithm with heuristic rules is designed to solve the model, and an example is used to verify the effectiveness of the algorithm. Furthermore, the simulation results obtained by a practical numerical example show the applicability of the model while provide green and environmentally friendly location-distribution schemes for the cold chain logistics enterprise. Finally, carbon tax policies are introduced to analyze the impact of carbon tax on the total costs and carbon emissions, which proves that carbon tax policy can effectively reduce carbon dioxide emissions in cold chain logistics network."
"AB Nowadays, green supply chain management (SCM) practices are increasing among firms to adopt green practices and reduce the negative effects of supply chain operations on the environment. Firms such as manufacturing, mining, and agriculture have to improve their capacity in green SCM practices because environmental regulations force them to consider these issues. However, green practices are new and require comprehensive study to determine this problem. This study has taken the case of three garment manufacturing firms for the evaluation of green SCM practices in the context of Pakistan. The green SCM requires multi-dimensional techniques; therefore, fuzzy-based multi-criteria decision analysis approaches must be adopted while assessing green SCM practices of firms. This is because fuzzy-based methods obtain a significant solution for complex, vague, and uncertain multi-attribute problems in fuzzy environment. Therefore, in this study, a hybrid decision model comprised of Delphi, and Fuzzy Analytical Hierarchy Process (AHP) methodologies is proposed for assessing the green SCM practices of firms in terms of green design, green purchasing, green production, green warehousing, green logistics, and reverse logistics. The Fuzzy AHP method results reveal that ""green purchasing,"" ""green design,"" and ""green production"" are ranked the most important green indicators. Further, results reveal the ranking of manufacturing firms (alternatives) in the context of green SCM practices. This study shall help industries to focus on green SCM practices and adopt the green manufacturing process."
"AB With increasing global warming and environmental degradation, green and low-carbon development mode has being more and more widely accepted in the world. The lack of performance measure system (PMS) and unknown development strategies in the low-carbon context hinder the development low carbon logistics in China. Motivated by this, our research investigates some important issues in developing low-carbon logistics. Based on the triple bottom line framework, a general PMS with 42 indicators from 12 dimensions is developed for evaluating the low-carbon logistics by using the method of multiple-case study and literature analysis. Eight representative and leading logistics enterprises from different logistics sub-sectors in the western China are selected as case enterprises. The barriers and strategies for developing low-carbon logistics are then identified based on 6 propositions. The barriers include the lack of low-carbon awareness, the inconsistency and incompleteness in policies and regulations, the scarcity of qualified logistics professionals, the unreasonable infrastructure and facilities, the low efficiency in logistics operations management, and the disordered transport modes. Effective coping strategies are proposed to deal with these barriers from the 6 perspectives based on the case study. We argue that if these strategies can be implemented well, low-carbon logistics can be developed well in China. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Due to an increasing demand for green products and also pressures from customers and other players along the supply chain, which now pay more attention to environmental awareness and sustainable management, many companies especially in the electronics industry have begun to realize the importance of applying green supply chain management concepts into their activities; reverse logistics (RL) practice is one of the important strategies to provide efficient resource utilization and minimize waste from end of life (EOL) products by following legislation and green concepts. But recently reverse logistics practices are faced with some barriers which make the implementation of reverse logistics difficult and unsuccessful. To increase efficiency in reverse logistics adaptation of the electronics industry, companies need to understand and consider the priorities of both barriers and solutions for developing policies and strategies to overcome these barriers. Therefore, this study focused on the classification of reverse logistics barriers and ranking of both barriers and solutions of reverse logistics implementation in the electronics industry. This paper proposes a methodology based on fuzzy analytical hierarchy process (Fuzzy AHP) and fuzzy technique for order performance by similarity to ideal solution (Fuzzy TOPSIS) in which fuzzy AHP is applied to get the weights of each barrier by using pairwise comparison, and fuzzy TOPSIS is applied for the final ranking of the solutions of reverse logistics implementation. The case of Thailand's electronics industry is used in the proposed method. To illustrate the robustness of the method, sensitivity analysis is used in this study."
"AB This paper evaluated the carbon footprint of the papaya supply chain to Yasothon Market in Yasothon province, Thailand. There is high consumption of papaya in Yasothon municipality but a lack of papaya plantations in the area lead to a vast amount import of papaya. The study developed a green supply chain and logistics model, using network analysis. The best route for each significant case was the shortest route of the total distance from each registered stop. The results of the analysis revealed that papaya distributed from Ubon Ratchathani and Sisaket Farms should use the route generated by driving and distance impedance with the lowest greenhouse gas emissions at 898.42 kg CO(2)eq./FU. Meanwhile, the distribution from Nakorn Ratchasima should use the driving distance impedance to generate the route with the lowest greenhouse gas emissions at 987.37 k kg CO(2)eq./FU. While the papaya supply chain from Kamphaeng Phet, Kanchanaburi, Lopburi, and Ratchaburi to Khon Kaen Market with driving distance impedance is the best solution among all the alternative routes as it generates the lowest greenhouse gas emissions at 6620.23 kg CO(2)eq./FU. The results suggest that the distribution center can help reducing the distance, resulting in reducing greenhouse gas emissions. The results of the study can suggest the sustainable index of the papaya supply chain by comparing the conventional and improved environmental impact of the papaya supply chain from the green logistics model. The alternatives will be the suggestion of pathways towards improvements in green supply chain and logistics of papaya, which can also be considered for implementation in other agricultural products. (C) 2020 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Purpose - This study aims to explore the moderation effect of environment uncertainties (supply, competition and demand) in the relationship between a firm's drivers (internal and external) and practices (purchasing, design and manufacturing, logistics and internal management) when going green."
"AB Green logistics has become a consensus and an important method to achieve sustainable development in industrial activities. However, the traditional direct distribution mode has high carbon emissions, an uncertain delivery time, and a low delivery efficiency. Uncoordinated resource allocations and unreasonable network layouts of terminal distributions have shackled green development within the express delivery industry. Considering the trend of green logistics, this study innovatively proposes a comprehensive and environmentally friendly mode for city distribution based on end crowdsourcing service stations (ECSSs). This study also adopts node centrality indices of complex network theory to evaluate the node importance of existing terminal distribution outlets. The comprehensive weights of the indices are obtained via the three-scale AHP (Analytic Hierarchy Process) and TOPSIS (Technology for Order Preference by Similarity to an Ideal Solution) methods to identify the candidate nodes for ECSSs. Finally, a location model is built to determine the optimal location to establish the ECSSs. A real-world case study was conducted to provide the location scheme of ECSSs in Beijing, China. Environmental benefits as well as economic and social benefits can be substantially achieved through the implementation of the new mode. The results show that carbon emissions can be reduced by 23.79-28.49% for the end of the distribution, 16.27-16.35% for the front-end, and approximately 17% for the entire distribution. Additionally, the loading rate of vans for the front-end of the distribution can be improved by 15.77%."
"AB The transition from fossil fuel-based energy systems to renewable energy systems is a cornerstone of the green transformation to decarbonize our economic systems and mitigate climate change. Given the urgency of effective climate change mitigation, renewable energy diffusion needs to accelerate drastically. Among the many constraints to renewable energy diffusion, the important role of the supply chain is often overlooked. Therefore, this article addresses the role of the supply chain in the renewable energy diffusion process. Using the offshore wind energy sector as a case, this article presents an analysis of supply chain readiness to ascertain the role of the supply chain in the green transformation. Examining Europe and China mainly within offshore wind logistics, the research findings show that this segment of the supply chain constitutes a key bottleneck for accelerated deployment. For Europe, the key findings indicate that legislation for offshore wind beyond 2020 is necessary to ensure the implementation of the required investments in logistics assets, transport equipment, and personnel. In China, the key findings indicate that the Chinese supply chain of wind energy is mainly organized around onshore wind. Key bottlenecks exist, predominantly in logistics, and this article identifies specific areas of the supply chain where international collaboration and knowledge transfer may speed up deployment."
"AB This article develops a scorecard to synthetically measure the performance of companies logistics and green supply chain system from four aspects which are customers, finance, innermanaging flow and learning and development. The scorecard covers four aspects and has 22 measurement items. An extensive survey has been conducted in Chinese companies and 206 filled questionnaires have been collected. The researcher have compared the performance difference of logistics and supply chain in state-owned companies, foreign-owned companies and private companies. The results showed that the scorecard had the good reliability and effectiveness to become an effective tool to evaluate green supply chain performance in companies. Furthermore, the results showed that there is no direct relation between planning and executive ability, and applied ability of information technology, so the acting relation between them is deleted and the confirmatory factory analysis between them shows a strong relationship. The applied ability of information technology has a very significant influence on logistics efficiency. However, the influences of planning and executive ability on logistics efficiency are significantly strong, while ""planning and executive ability"" and ""applied ability of information technology"" are closely-related to firm strategies and organizational coordination ability. In addition, it is also crucial to build cooperative relationship between suppliers and customers and gives effective training for employees. Finally, this article provide managerial insights for firms to understand and enhance their supply chain management."
"AB Road freight transportation includes various internal and external costs that need to be accounted for in the construction of efficient routing plans. Typically, the resulting optimization problem is formulated as a vehicle routing problem in any of its variants. While the traditional focus of the vehicle routing problem was the minimization of internal routing costs such as travel distance or duration, numerous approaches to include external factors related to environmental routing aspects have been recently discussed in the literature. However, internal and external routing costs are often treated as competing objectives. This paper discusses the internalization of external routing costs through the consideration of green taxes and green tolls. Numeric experiments with a biased-randomization savings algorithm, show benefits of combining internal and external costs in delivery route planning."
AB Purpose - The purpose of this paper is to propose a methodology with systematic metrics for logistics service providers (LSPs) to develop their environmental sustainability performance in the context of green supply chain management.
"AB Management of tire waste is an important aspect of sustainable development due to its environmental, economical and social impacts. Key aspects of Reverse Logistics (RL) and Green Logistics (GL), such as recycling, re-manufacturing and reusable packaging, can improve the management of tire waste and support sustainability. Although these processes have been performed with a high degree of efficiency in other countries such as Japan, Spain and Germany, the application in Mexico and Russia has faced setbacks due to the absence of guidelines regarding legislation, RL processes, and social responsibility. Within this context, the present work aims to develop an integrated RL model to improve on these processes by considering the RL models from Russia and Mexico. For this, a review focused on RL in Mexico, Russia, Japan and the European Union (EU) was performed. Hence, the integrated model considers regulations and policies performed in each country to assign responsibilities regarding RL processes for the management of tire waste. As discussed, the implementation of efficient RL processes for the management of tire waste depends of different social entities such as the user (customer), private and public companies, and manufacturing and state-of-the-art approaches to transform waste into different products (diversification) to consider the RL scheme as a total economic system."
"AB Reverse logistics network design (RLND) is getting momentum as more organizations realize the benefits of recycling or remanufacturing of their end-of-life products. Similarly, there is an impetus for organizations to become more environmentally conscious or green. This environmental context has driven many organizations to invest in green technologies, with a recent emphasis on reducing greenhouse gas emissions. This environmental investment situation and decision can be addressed through the integration of facility location, operational planning, and vehicle type selection, while simultaneously accounting for carbon emissions from vehicles, inspection centers, and remanufacturing centers in a reverse logistics (RL) context. In the current study, we present a mixed-integer linear programming (MILP) model to solve a multi-tier multi-period green RL network, including vehicle type selection. This research integrates facility locations, vehicle type selection with emissions producing from transportation and operations at various processing centers. Prior research does not account for carbon emissions for this design problem type. Valuable managerial insights are obtained when incorporating carbon emissions cost."
"AB Container terminals are the typical representatives of complex supply chain logistics hubs with multiple compound attributes and multiple coupling constraints, and their operations are provided with the strong characteristics of dynamicity, nonlinearity, coupling, and complexity (DNCC). From the perspective of computational logistics, we propose the container terminal logistics generalized computing architecture (CTL-GCA) by the migration, integration, and fusion of the abstract hierarchy, design philosophy, execution mechanism, and automatic principles of computer organization, computing architecture, and operating system. The CTL-GCA is supposed to provide the problem-oriented exploration and exploitation elementary frameworks for the abstraction, automation, and analysis of green production at container terminals. The CTL-GCA is intended to construct, evaluate, and improve the solution to planning, scheduling, and decision at container terminals, which all are nondeterministic polynomial hard problems. Subsequently, the logistics generalized computational pattern recognition and performance evaluation of a practical container terminal service case study is launched by the qualitative and quantitative approach from the sustainable perspective of green production. The case study demonstrates the application, utilization, exploitation, and exploration of CTL-GCA preliminarily, and finds the unsustainable patterns of production at the container terminal. From the above, we can draw the following conclusions. For one thing, the CTL-GCA makes a definition of the abstract and automatic running architecture of logistics generalized computation for container terminals (LGC-CT), which provides an original framework for the design and implementation of control and decision mechanism and algorithm. For another, the CTL-GCA can help us to investigate the roots of DNCC thoroughly, and then the CTL-GCA makes for conducting the efficient and sustainable running pattern recognition of LGC-CT. It is supposed to provide a favorable guidance and supplement to define, design, and implement the agile, efficient, sustainable, and robust task scheduling and resource allocation for container terminals by computational logistics whether in the strategy level or the tactical one."
"AB Despite the critical role of logistics service providers (LSPs) in improving the environmental sustainability of supply chains, there is still uncertainty about how LSPs can turn environmental management into competitive advantage. Based on a Finnish national logistics survey and financial reporting data from 266 LSPs, this article examines their competitive strategies and green supply chain management (GSCM), and tests their respective relationships with environmental and financial performance. Financial data are used to measure financial performance in a novel way. The findings indicate that leading LSPs with operational excellence and strong brands are more advanced in terms of GSCM than LSPs that do not excel in any competitive priority. GSCM practices are positively related to environmental performance, but not to financial performance. However, managers should not be discouraged by the apparent absence of short-term financial benefits of GSCM practices, which in any case could enhance future differentiation opportunities."
"AB This work presents an analytical model to investigate the effect of government intervention on green channel performance in a producer-retailer green channel dyad via the mediating effects of channel power shifts and relationship quality improvement. The retailer is allocated additional responsibility to collect used products for a producer for recycling and repairing. The proposed model is tested empirically using questionnaire survey data obtained from retailers of the producer-retailer green channels of consumer electronic products in Taiwan. Analytical results indicate that government intervention has positive effect on green channel performance when the producer adopts joint action measures. The producer can utilize joint action as a non-coercive influential strategy to alleviate a target member's countervailing power and bargaining power and to improve channel relationship quality, thereby enhancing green channel performance under government intervention to adopt extended producer responsibility. (C) 2015 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved."
"AB The purpose of this paper is to explore the current state of environmental sustainability in the Canadian trucking sector by examining the types of green initiatives that have been adopted by Canadian trucking companies and the associated drivers and barriers that can affect the adoption of such initiatives. The approach is explorative with a cross sectional design that examines eight small-to-medium sized trucking companies operating in the province of Ontario, Canada. The findings illustrate that the implementation of green initiatives is at an early stage in the province, and that Canadian trucking companies face a multitude of drivers and barriers when adopting green initiatives. Overall, there is a high degree of variation among the cases; however, the findings suggest that three different approaches to environmental sustainability (i.e., proactive, reactive, and stagnating) can be observed. The paper contributes to the green logistics literature by providing insights into a previously unexplored region."
"AB The essence of low-carbon logistics is to make logistics capacity grow moderately to meet the requirements of social and economic developments and the goals of energy conservation and carbon reduction through logistics planning and policies, logistics rationalization and standardization, logistics informationization, low-carbon logistics technologies, etc. This study evaluates the performances of human resources in low-carbon logistics enterprises from three assessment facets: work ability, work performance, and work attitude. It adopts the AHP method to reasonably determine an indicator system of performance evaluation and its weight to avoid certain human-caused bias. According to the results herein, the low-carbon work attitude of the case company in recent years has produced good performance, but its low-carbon work performance and low-carbon work ability are both poor. The case company should practically implement and strengthen these indicators so as to enhance human resource performance in low-carbon logistics enterprises. This study establishes a human resources performance evaluation system for low-carbon logistics enterprises to measure the low-carbon working ability, work performance, and working attitude of their general staff. In this way, enterprises may understand their development status, improve development plans, and formulate the best human resources management and development decisions, thus positively guiding their future development."
"AB In order to promote the development of low-carbon logistics and economize logistics distribution costs, the vehicle routing problem with split deliveries by backpack is studied. With the help of the model of classical capacitated vehicle routing problem, in this study, a form of discrete split deliveries was designed in which the customer demand can be split only by backpack. A double-objective mathematical model and the corresponding adaptive tabu search (TS) algorithm were constructed for solving this problem. By embedding the adaptive penalty mechanism, and adopting the random neighborhood selection strategy and reinitialization principle, the global optimization ability of the new algorithm was enhanced. Comparisons with the results in the literature show the effectiveness of the proposed algorithm. The proposed method can save the costs of low-carbon logistics and reduce carbon emissions, which is conducive to the sustainable development of low-carbon logistics."
"AB Purpose-This paper aims to examine the common roots of both logistics and sustainability phenomena in supply chains to derive a new potential construct, green logistics competency."
"AB The purpose of the research described in this paper is to investigate the role played by the green agenda and sustainability in the follow-up and evaluation stage of the purchasing of logistics services. This stage is relatively under-explored in the extant academic literature. However, there is some evidence of a divergence between the perspectives of shippers and forwarders in this area. In this context, therefore, two carefully selected groups of UK-based supply chain management professionalsfrom shippers (i.e., manufacturers and retailers) and third-party logistics (3PLs)were investigated using semi-structured interviews. The interviews were based on a data collection guide informed by the authors' three overall research objectives. Data from the interviews were analysed using a combination of content analysis and grounded analysis. The findings suggest that, while shippers and 3PLs recognise a positive link between cost savings and the development of green initiatives, there is considerable room for improvement in this area in order to reorient the focus of the follow-up and evaluation stage from price and service levels towards sustainability. The authors' exploratory research leads to the identification of a number of potentially fruitful areas for future research."
"AB Green supply chain management considers the environmental effects of all activities related to the supply chain, from obtaining raw materials to the final delivery of finished goods. Selecting the right supplier is a critical decision in green supply chain management. We propose a fuzzy green supplier selection model for sustainable supply chains in reverse logistics. We define a novel hierarchical fuzzy best-worst method (HFBWM) to determine the importance weights of the green criteria and sub-criteria selected. The fuzzy extension of Shannon's entropy, a more complex evaluation method, is also used to determine the criteria weights, providing a reference comparison benchmark. Several hybrid models integrating both weighting techniques with fuzzy versions of complex proportional assessment (COPRAS), multi-objective optimization by ratio analysis plus the full multiplicative form (MULTIMOORA), and the technique for order of preference by similarity to ideal solution (TOPSIS) are designed to rank the suppliers based on their ability to recycle in reverse logistics. We aggregate these methods' ranking results through a consensus ranking model and illustrate the capacity of relatively simple methods such as fuzzy COPRAS and fuzzy MOORA to provide robust rankings highly correlated with those delivered by more complex techniques such as fuzzy MULTIMOORA. We also find that the ranking results obtained by these hybrid models are more consistent when HFBWM determines the weights. A case study in the asphalt manufacturing industry is presented to demonstrate the proposed methods' applicability and efficacy."
"AB As urgency in limiting greenhouse gas and carbon dioxide emissions has increased, greening freight and perishable food logistics activities has become an issue of interest. Intermodal rail-road transportation allows for reducing carbon dioxide emissions. However, one of the reasons this mode is traditionally not employed to move perishable food is because it is considered to be economically unsustainable. This paper aims to present a new transportation model for perishable food (named 'traveling stock'), which removes the barriers to the implementation of the intermodal transportation of perishable food. Moreover, based on a methodology for quantifying the economic sustainability of the new logistics model, this paper outlines the assessment through a case study. The work finds that the level to which consumers appreciate product variety influences the extent of economic sustainability for the intermodal transportation of perishable products."
"AB The transportation sector is one of the largest fuel consumers and pollutant contributors worldwide. The International Maritime Organization predicts that the greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions from transportation will be increasing significantly until 2050, driven by the growth in global maritime trade. Managing logistics distribution routes is considered a possible approach for controlling GHG emissions. This study aims to implement a green logistics concept in the logistics distribution of petroleum products-gasoline, kerosene, and diesel-in eastern Indonesia, whose supply sources are refineries located in Balikpapan and Kasim. A multi-objective approach is used to implement the green logistics concept. Multi-objective optimization is conducted using the AIMMS software to optimize a logistics system consisting of a multi-depot, multi-product, and heterogeneous fleet. The optimization is performed to determine the best logistics route and the amount of products delivered using certain types of fleets to minimize transportation cost and GHG emissions using constant speed. In addition, this study also investigates the effect of variable speed on cost and CO2 emissions. For the constant speed case, the distribution routes obtained for the minimizing cost scenario tends to maximize the utilization of transit terminals while in the minimizing emissions scenario tends to deliver directly to the distribution centers, so the route decision in multi-objective optimization scenario is combination of the two. The multi-objective optimization results an 11% cost reduction and a 17% GHG emission reduction compared with the current values. The comparison between constant and variable speed reveals that the variable speed is preferred to constant speed as it gives lower emissions with slight changes in cost. (C) 2021 The Authors. Production and hosting by Elsevier B.V."
"AB The green vehicle routing and scheduling problem (GVRSP) aims to minimize green-house gas emissions in logistics systems through better planning of deliveries/pickups made by a fleet of vehicles. We define a new mixed integer liner programming (MIP) model which considers heterogeneous vehicles, time-varying traffic congestion, customer/vehicle time window constraints, the impact of vehicle loads on emissions, and vehicle capacity/range constraints in the GVRSP. The proposed model allows vehicles to stop on arcs, which is shown to reduce emissions up to additional 8% on simulated data. A hybrid algorithm of MIP and iterated neighborhood search is proposed to solve the problem. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Differentiating and ecologizing of products have gained an increasing amount of importance, and green logistics has achieved an irreplaceable position as an important tool for competitiveness. Small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs), in this case wood-processing enterprises, can achieve this position through the innovation of green products. Based on the results of research focused on finding out how customers perceive green wood products, the objective of this work is to propose possible ways to implement green products in wood-processing SMEs in Slovakia, while taking into account the requirements of customers related to green products. The research was evaluated by methods of testing the statistical hypothesis (binomial test, Chi-square test, Friedman test, and Wilcoxon test), descriptive statistics, and data visualization. The survey revealed that primary reasons why customers of wood-processing SMEs do not buy green wood products is their high price and an insufficient amount of available information about them. In addition to the price, respondents mainly take the quality and safety of the products into account when making purchases. Based on the analysis performed, three basic green strategies focused on product innovation are proposed for consideration by wood-processing SMEs in Slovakia and elsewhere."
"AB With China's rapid economic development, restructuring the economy will require a development model based on high-to-low carbon transition. The development of logistics enterprises has its own characteristics associated with the trend of low carbon. This article discusses the significance of structuring a human resource performance evaluation system for low-carbon logistics enterprises. We used an analytic hierarchy process (AHP) and triangle-definite weighted functions as the technology platform to determine the performance evaluation and measure corporate status quo. The results can serve as a reference for companies to make the best talent decisions and achieve long-term development strategies. In addition, this study helps to make up for a lack of relevant research in this area."
"AB We validate a model for the population dynamics, as they occur in a chemostat environment, of the green algae Raphidocelis subcapitata, a species that is often used as a primary food source in toxicity experiments for the fresh water crustacean Daphnia magna. We collected longitudinal data from 4 replicate population experiments with R. subcapitata. This data was fit to a logistic growth model to reveal patterns of the algae growth in a continuous culture. Overall, our results suggest that a proportional error statistical model is the most appropriate for logistic growth modeling of R. subcapitata continuous population growth. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Environmental sustainability has become a critical indicator in evaluations of the success and efficiency of supply chain management. In this study, we consider a two-echelon supply chain composed of two competing manufacturers, two retailers, and one third-party logistics firm. The first manufacturer produces a green product, while the second manufacturer produces a nongreen product. Each of the two retailers can sell only a green product, only a nongreen product, or both green and nongreen products. All products are initially stored by the third-party logistics firm and delivered to the retailers. This study investigates product pricing, the degree of greenness of the first manufacturer's product, and carbon emission reduction as carried out by the third-party logistics firm. Using a three-stage Stackelberg game framework, we present the equilibrium strategy on pricing, the degree of greenness, and carbon emission reduction for five different distribution channel structures. One of our major findings is that competition between the two manufacturers has a positive influence on the profitability of the supply chain. We also find that it is desirable for each manufacturer to choose a cross-distribution channel for its products considering the sustainability and profitability of the supply chain."
"AB In the process of evaluating the green levels of cold-chain logistics providers, experts may hesitate between several linguistic terms rather than give precise values over the alternatives. Due to the potential profit and risk of business decisions, decision-making information is often based on experts' expectations of programs and is expressed as hesitant fuzzy linguistic terms. The consistency of evaluation information of an alternative can reflect the clarity of the alternative in the mind of experts and its own controversy. This paper proposes a method to use the value transfer function in the cumulative prospect theory to convert the original hesitant fuzzy linguistic terms into evaluation information based on reference points. We also introduce the parameters related to the disorder of the systemin the hesitant fuzzy thermodynamic method to describe the quantity and quality characteristics of the alternatives. In these kinds of multi-criteria decision-making problems, the weights of criteria are of great importance for decision-making results. Considering the conflicting cases among criteria, the weights were obtained by utilizing the PROMETHEE method. An illustrative example concerning green logistics provider selection was operated to show the practicability of the proposed method."
"AB This study has been designed to investigate the determinants of competitiveness in the logistics industry. In particular, we focus on the expansion of transportation as a central theme. Size and economy of scale are important issues in many industries. Previous studies have typically highlighted the positive aspects of large scale in terms of competitiveness. However, this study acknowledges that the large scale of transportation means, such as container ships and cargo planes, may not necessarily be positive for the competitiveness of the logistics industry. We believe that expansion is a double-edged sword. Economy of scale can have negative aspects associated with it. This study analyzes how transportation size affects competitiveness in the logistics industry. Additionally, we discuss other determinants of logistics performance such as ICT capability and green transportation."
"AB The objective of the study is to examine the impact of logistics performance indices on national scale economic indicators i.e., energy, environment, and economic health in a panel of 27 European countries over a period of 2007-2014. The results show that logistics performance index in terms of 'timeliness' significantly increases GDP per unit of energy use, health expenditures, and per capita income, where as logistics index in terms of 'infrastructure' increases renewable energy source and decreases carbon emissions. Logistics index for 'customs processes' significantly associated with the less energy prices while logistics index for 'tracking and trace consignments' substantially increases fossil fuel energy consumption. Logistics 'competence' index have a differential impact on environment, on one hand, it substantially reduce the burden of fossil fuel energy consumption, while on the other hand, it's significantly increases carbon emissions. Logistics 'international shipments' increase fossil fuel energy in a region. Industry value added and FDI inflows both increases energy prices, fossil fuel energy, health expenditures and per capita income whereas trade openness decreases energy prices and increases carbon emissions, energy efficiency and per capita income. The results conclude that logistics indices significantly linked with the national scale economic indicators that provoke for the green supply chain management in the region. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB This paper aims to examine the past and present research on 'green ports and maritime logistics' in order to identify established research streams and fertile research areas with potential for future investigations. Using rigorous bibliometric and network analysis tools, the paper completes a systemic mapping of the existing literature and identifies the key investigators, collaboration patterns, research clusters and interrelationships, and the ""seminal research areas"" that have provided the field with the foundational knowledge, concepts, theories, tools, and techniques. Major articles within each seminal research area are also identified. This will allow new researchers to quickly build understanding in a particular sub-field by reading these major articles. The findings obtained from the evolution of seminal research areas over time are important from both research and practice perspectives and can help the field grow in many dimensions. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Marketing literature emphasizes the importance of green product adoption for environmental sustainability. However, consumers' evaluations of the key factors (for adopting green products) differ in critical ways. Drawing on a consumer-marketing interface, this study uses a binary logit model to investigate how consumers adopt two different types of products (e.g., glass and electronic). The results show that the impacts of the twelve factors behind consumer adoption of green products vary widely between glass and electronic products. Specifically, the analysis identifies four factors (eco-labeling, peer groups, cultural values, and environmental awareness) that have no influence on consumer adoption intentions. It also shows that males are more likely to have positive adoption intentions than females for both glass and electronic products. The authors conclude this paper by discussing the implications of these important findings for research and practice."
"AB Currently, care for the environment and Eco logistics become an important issue in creating a strategy for the company. Therefore, the supply chain are facing dual pressure one, to save the environment and another is to maintain the performance of the firm in the long run. According to the author extremely helpful in creating a green supply chain may be concepts of quality management. It is worth noting that the attempt to integrate quality management systems and implementing sustainable solutions in the supply chain is complex and requires a systemic approach to this issue. Therefore, the main purpose of this publication should be to signal and underline that creating sustainable supply chains should be supported by modern concepts of quality management and to present and discuss the main guidelines of quality management model in green supply chain."
"AB In the extant literature some researchers have agreed upon the nature of inter-relationship between lean and green as synergistic whereas other have termed it as coincidental or even dichotomous. We submit that the inconclusiveness in the relationship between lean and green arises from not investigating it from a holistic standpoint. In this study, we address this gap by adjudging the relationship of lean systems with holistic supply chain context which includes sourcing, production and logistics. The proposed hypotheses are grounded in the resource-based view of the firm. We examine the relationship in the context of emerging economy such as India. Results obtained using structural equation modelling method indicates that lean implementation positively influences the implementation of sustainability practices for supplier selection and production but negatively impacts sustainability practices for delivery and logistic services. We conclude that the relationship between lean management and sustainable supply chain management is not straightforward. Gain at some place may cause loss at other places. Therefore, the net impact must be seen in totality and segmented analysis is the cause of inconclusive findings."
"AB As environmental awareness and the patronage of logistics services grow, there is a growing demand for the logistics sector to provide more sustainable environmental services, and although the logistics sector performs functions such as reverse logistics, packaging, inventory management, transportation, warehousing, waste management, distribution, etc., which are very core to economic growth, they also significantly contribute to greenhouse effect and consume huge amounts of resources. This study, drawing on the institutional theory and the natural resource-based view, explores the framework through which sustainable logistics practices such as sustainable transportation, reverse logistics and management of waste, sustainable packaging and distribution, green monitoring and evaluation, and sustainable information sharing influence environmental reputation and financial performance. The study adopted partial least square structural equation modelling technique in analysing data due to it having more statistical power. The findings of the study showed that sustainable logistics practices had enormous influence on environmental reputation and financial performance. In terms of mediation, environmental reputation had no mediation effect between waste management and financial performance but partially mediated the relationships between sustainable transportation, sustainable information sharing and financial performance, while fully mediating the relationships between reverse logistics, sustainable packaging and distribution, green monitoring and evaluation, and financial performance. This study concentrated on the logistics sector; thus, this study results will provide vital data to both scholars and practitioners in comprehending the call and need to integrate sustainable policies and strategies into business and industrial operations to ensure environmental preservation."
"AB Aiming at the distribution efficiency and cost of cold chain logistics of fresh products, a solution to the location-path optimization problem of green cold chain logistics using an improved genetic algorithm from the perspective of low-carbon environmental protection is proposed. First, considering transportation costs, fixed costs, refrigeration costs, and time penalty costs, increase carbon emission costs and cargo damage costs to build a cold chain logistics model. Then, combining the specific model of the optimization problem to improve the genetic algorithm, including the coding method, genetic operator and fitness function, etc., the linear adaptive cross-mutation strategy is introduced to dynamically adjust the genetic operator. Finally, the improved genetic algorithm is used to solve the cold chain logistics optimization problem to effectively reduce carbon emissions and cost in the cold chain distribution process. Using actual cold chain logistics and distribution data, the proposed method is verified based on the Matlab platform, The results show that compared with other methods, the proposed method accelerates the convergence speed, reduces the distribution cost, and realizes a low-carbon economy."
"AB Fierce competition and the mandate for green development have driven cold chain logistics companies to minimize total distribution costs and carbon emissions to gain a competitive advantage and achieve sustainable development. However, the cold chain logistics literature considers carbon trading mechanisms in sharing economy, namely the joint distribution, is limited. Our research builds a Joint Distribution-Green Vehicle Routing Problem (JD-GVRP) model, in which cold chain logistics companies collaborate among each other to deliver cold chain commodities by considering carbon tax policy. Based on the real business data from four cold chain companies and 28 customers, a simulated annealing (SA) algorithm is applied to optimize the model. The results indicate that joint distribution is an effective way to reduce total costs and carbon emissions when compared with the single distribution. The total cost is positively correlated with the carbon price, while the carbon emissions vary differently when the carbon price increases. In addition, carbon quotas have no effect on the delivery path. This research expands cold chain logistics literature by linking it with joint distribution and carbon trading mechanisms. Moreover, this research suggests that cold chain logistics companies could enhance delivery efficiency, reduce the business cost, and improve competitiveness by reinforcing the collaboration at the industry level. Furthermore, the government should advocate the mode of joint distribution and formulate an effective carbon trading policy to better utilize social and industrial resources to achieve the balanced economic and environmental benefits."
"AB This study explores a foundational logistics center location and allocation problem in a three-stage logistics network that consists of suppliers, logistics centers, and customers. In this study, the environmental sustainability of the logistics network is improved by optimizing the carbon dioxide emissions of the logistics network based on multi-objective optimization and carbon tax regulation. Mixed uncertainties in the planning stage, including the supply capacities of suppliers, operation capacities of logistics centers, and demands of customers, are modeled using triangular fuzzy numbers based on the fuzzy set theory to order to enhance the reliability of the logistics center location and allocation planning. To solve the green logistics center location and allocation problem under mixed uncertainties, we establish two fuzzy mixed integer linear programming models. The fuzzy credibilistic chance-constrained programming is then adopted to obtain the crisp and linear reformulations of the fuzzy programming models. A numerical case is given to verify the feasibility of the proposed methods, in which the performance of carbon tax regulation in reducing carbon dioxide emissions is then tested based on the benchmark provided by the multi-objective optimization. Lastly, sensitivity analysis and fuzzy simulation are utilized to reveal the effect of the mixed uncertainties on the logistics location and allocation planning and further determine the best confidence level in the fuzzy chance constraints to provide decision makers with a crisp plan."
"AB To enable an objective measurement of the progress in the operation of third-party logistics service providers in supply chains, we developed a model that shows the sustainability of the outsourced elements of a company's business. The Third-Party Logistics Green Innovative Framework (3PL GIF) is based on selected environmental, economic, and social indicators showing the objectively comparable state and progress in sustainable development between different companies in goods distribution. The model incorporates the application of quality measurement standards and a PDCA cycle system of continuous improvement into indicators. Using this model, we surveyed the success of sustainable operations between different Slovenian logistics companies according to their size, fields of operation, and positions in the supply chain. The study found that the model provides comparisons of sustainable operation for supply chain operators, logistics companies, and the entire interested public. It also enables supply chain management companies to measure, improve, and report on its performance in a sustainable field, as well as to move toward goals determined by the company with its cycle of permanent improvement. This makes it possible to objectively compare progress in sustainable development between companies."
"AB One of the important issues in transportation and logistics systems is vehicle routing problem which in general involves a set of problems including the number of vehicles located in depot are expected to meet and service a set of customers, each requiring a certain amount of demands. On the other hand, regarding the increasing environmental concerns, economic problems and pressure of laws, green logistics and reverse logistics have received increasing attention during recent years. In this regard, this study investigates a vehicle routing problem in reverse logistics with split demand of customers in which the demand of different points can be divided among vehicles and fuel consumption optimization. In this paper, fuel cost of vehicles was assumed to be dependent on their traveled path and load. For this problem, a mixed integer linear programming model was proposed. Finally, to validate the proposed model, some examples were solved by GAMS software. As the problem was NP-hard and its solution time increased exponentially, a simulated annealing algorithm was proposed to solve the problem in large-sized cases. Computational results and related comparisons showed algorithm efficiency."
"AB This study aims to measure the logistics economic efficiency of major first-tier cities in China and propose the interactive development plan of the green logistics industry based on the division of the urban agglomeration. In this study, the evaluation system for the logistics input and economic output of urban agglomerations is firstly established based on data-driven analytics, and a green logistics economic efficiency model using the dataset from 2008 to 2017 is constructed to estimate the input-output efficiency, development trend, and spatial differentiation of urban agglomerations comprehensively. Finally, the Shapley value method is adopted to obtain the specific distribution plan of logistics investment. The results show that the logistics economic efficiency of the 9 major urban agglomerations is all greater than 1 under the constant returns-to-scale (CRS) hypothesis while the average logistics economic efficiency of Pearl River Delta region, Chengdu-Chongqing region, and Shandong Peninsula region is significantly less than 1 under the medium returns-to-scale (MRS) hypothesis. The comprehensive input-output efficiency of five out of 9 major Chinese urban agglomerations showed a downward trend, with the highest declining rate of 5.9% in the Yangtze River Delta urban agglomeration. The urban agglomeration with the highest increase rate in input-output efficiency from 2013 to 2017 is the Chengdu-Chongqing region, which reached 3.97%."
"AB Green logistics (GL) is gaining increasing attention among academic researchers and industrial practitioners, due to the escalating deterioration of the environment. Various green activities and operations aiming at improving the performance of GL have been applied synthetically, and most of the activities can be modeled as combinatorial optimization (CO) problems. Exact approaches tend to be incapable of solving the CO problems, especially with the increasing complexity. Thus, meta-heuristic approaches are widely adopted, which can generate a satisfactory solution within an acceptable time. Swarm intelligence (SI) is an innovative branch of meta-heuristics derived from imitating the behavioral pattern of natural insects. The distributed control mechanism and simple interactive rules can manage the swarm of insects effectively and efficiently. There are some pilot studies in applying SI into GL, which indicates that the integration of GL and SI could be a promising choice and of great potential. This research reviews the application of SI in GL through a comprehensive and extensive investigation and analysis of extant literature, which includes 115 publications in the last twenty years. The integration of GL and SI is analyzed from the perspective of both the problem context and the methodology. The categories of GL and SI are classified systematically. The CO problems of GL are further studied with SI algorithms, and innovative and universal guidance for algorithm customization in resolving CO problems emerges as well. Further potential research issues and opportunities of GL and SI are also identified in this research. (C) 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB The article examines the problem of transformation of the Italian maritime economy (in terms of transport and logistics infrastructure) in the context of the European Green Deal. The increased role of the Mediterranean in international maritime trade makes Italy explore ways of improving the competitiveness of its ports infrastructure and logistics to avoid lagging behind rapidly developing competitors in Greece, Spain, Turkey and the countries of North Africa. At the same time, Italy continues to position itself as a middle power, whose dominance in the Mediterranean is a natural result of its geographic position and national priorities. Currently traditional competition is aggravated by the negative consequences of the COVID-19 pandemic for the world maritime economy. Rome expects that the EU's Green Deal and the EU Next Generation Plan will help Italy solve three problems: 1) to increase its own competitiveness in the transport and logistics system of the Mediterranean; 2) to stimulate the development of the South of the country; 3) to become a protagonist of the new EU normative power and leadership in the green transformation in the Mediterranean. The author concludes that the main goal of Italy is to restore its role as a middle power and the leader of the Mediterranean, and to increase its own status within the EU."
"AB In recent years, the role of freight transportation and parcel delivery in urban areas has increased, supporting the economic and social development of cities. At the same time, the industry is affected by various issues, inefficiencies, and externalities, particularly in the last-mile segment. As such, there is an emerging awareness of a need to improve urban mobility and transportation, making them more sustainable and competitive by mixing traditional and emerging technologies, such as cargo bikes, autonomous vehicles, and drones. In contrast, the complexity of the overall system, characterized by multiple actors with conflicting goals, requires a strategy that harmonizes these actors' business and operational models. This study contributes in this direction along three axes. First, it defines the main actors involved in urban parcel delivery, and then analyzes their business models and the interactions between them. Second, it investigates the integration of traditional and green logistics (mainly cycle-logistics), from both business and operational perspectives, in order to identify synergies, conflicts, and the operational and economic consequences of adopting green vehicles. Third, it introduces a simulation-optimization decision support system tool capable of assessing mixed-fleet policies for the management of parcel delivery in urban areas. Finally, the decision support system is tested using real data of the city of Turin."
"AB This research examines the role of poverty and logistical operations under the circumstance of environmental deterioration with panel data of ASEAN states from 2007 to 2017. The system-generalized method of moments (GMM) was adopted due to the presence of endogeneity. The results indicate that poverty and logistical operations have significant and positive relationship with greater environmental degradation. Because poor people are not skilled, they have to consume natural resources in original and unsustainable way for their survival and profits, which results in greater level of deforestation. On another hand, lacking fuel-efficient/green vehicles and green practices in logistical operations of ASEAN countries, logistics activities mainly depend on fossil fuel consumption, which generates greater carbon emission, methane, and greenhouse emissions that can directly damage the environment and become a primary source of climate change. Therefore, reduction in environmental degradation can be achieved through reduction in poverty and encouraging renewable energy and green practices in logistical operations. In addition, this study also provides detailed policy implications to regulatory bodies and corporate sector in order to improve environmental sustainability through adoption of green practices and reduction in poverty."
"AB This paper presents a green one-to-one pickup and delivery problem including a set of new features in the domain of green vehicle routing. The objective here is to enhance the traditional models for the one-to-one pickup and delivery problem by considering several important factors, such as explicit fuel consumption (which can be translated into emissions), variable vehicle speed and road categorization (i.e., urban, non-urban). Accordingly, the paper proposes a mixed integer programming model for the problem. A case study from the Netherlands shows the applicability of the model in practice. The numerical analyses show that the investigated factors has a significant impact on operational-level logistics decisions and the selected key performance indicators. The results suggest that the proposed green model can achieve significant savings in terms of total transportation cost. The total cost reduction is found to be (i) 3.03% by the use of explicit fuel consumption estimation, (ii) up to 10.7% by accounting for variable vehicle speed and (iii) up to 10.5% by considering road categorization. As total cost involves explicit energy usage estimation, the proposed model has potential to offer a better support to aid sustainable logistics decision-making process. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB This study develops and empirically tests, from the resource-based perspective, a conceptual framework linking green supply management and performance. The proposed model is tested using data from a sample of 126 automotive manufactures in China. The results suggest that both green purchasing personnel and green supplier selection have a significant positive effect on green supplier collaboration, and that building green collaboration with suppliers is significantly and positively related to both environmental and operational performance. Accordingly, knowledge and skill development of the purchasing function can be recognised as an important resource in building green supply capabilities and performance."
"AB The study focuses on green competitive advantage from a multi-dimensional perspective, investigating the impact of green marketing tools and company descriptive variables on these dimensions. The data were collected from small, medium and micro enterprises (SMME) from Western Cape/South Africa, an area marked by long-term water consumption restrictions. A qualitative approach was considered for variable tailoring to the SMMEs' peculiarities, followed by a quantitative study, employing a sample of 237 companies, for testing each competitive advantage dimension against the established green marketing tools and company descriptive variables using logistic regressions. Each competitiveness variable was explained by at least one green marketing tool. Donating money and/or allocating time for environmental purposes explained three dependent variables, while selling biodegradable/recycled/refurbished products had an inverse relationship with two of them. Business type and number of operational years had a significant impact on three dimensions. This study enriches the literature by using green competitive advantage dimensions and not a latent factor, analyzing the impact of company descriptive variables as explanatory variables and prompting green strategies for small and medium businesses. The model could be improved by tests in other geographic areas, including green distribution and price variables and other descriptive factors (turnover, responsible investment and internationalization)."
"AB There is an increasing concern about the imbalance between urbanisation and environmental conservation, with over half of the world's population living in urban environments. Therefore, urban greening aims to incorporate nature into the city, recovering native flora in a sustainable way. Urban greening is a multi-functional environmental benefit system that incorporates vegetation in urban cores. Urban greening has become one of the most innovative and rapidly developing fields in ecology, green procurement and the built environment. The aim of this study was to provide an insight into the realities, evolution and prospects of urban greening from an international point of view. A sample of 1,727 worldwide urban greening projects was analysed, a Pearson's chi-square test was used to study the evolution of urban greening, and a binary logistic regression was used to predict determinant factors of public urban greening. Results show urban greening is prevalent in well-developed urbanised cities, while is challenging in the world's fastest growing cities in low-income countries. Urban greening installation has significantly changed from intensive to extensive systems offering the most cost-effective solution, and currently to living walls due to the emergence of this technology. Urban greening has expanded significantly from university campuses and parks, for the general public's benefit, to streets for families' use. The urban greening projects were installed mainly in private, residential, commercial, educational and government buildings. The main motivations of urban greening projects were environmental or aesthetic purposes and research aims. The prospects show parks and for general public are determinant factors for public urban greening at global level. This study contributes to the literature by investigating the characteristics and evolution of urban greening systems and prospects of public urban greening from an international point of view."
"AB Improving load factor is relevant for shippers due to its potential in reducing both transport costs and emissions. The purpose is to structure shippers' opportunities to increase load factor according to required and available capacity. A framework is developed from literature, and in-depth understanding is provided by three cases, with data mainly collected through semi-structured interviews. Shippers' opportunities to increase load factor are structured per decreasing, increasing, or reallocating required or available capacity. Required capacity can be changed by adjusting number of items, item characteristics, and how items are combined. Available capacity can be changed by adjusting number and type of units. Changes that improved load factor are described in detail for each case. Load factor is calculated for the packaging and shipping levels. An approach that logistics managers can apply to identify opportunities relevant to their situations is presented. Findings are relevant to researchers within transport efficiency and green logistics."
"AB This paper analyses cases from the automotive industry, mainly green supply chain management aspects of three case examples of decisions in green practices in supply chain design in the automotive industry. Since the 1990s, environmental issues have put companies under a growing pressure to reduce their environmental impact, especially in logistics operations. As a result, green supply chains have been gaining importance on the agendas of business executives seeking to create competitive distinction. Many companies have adopted a ""green attitude,"" seeking ways to integrate environmental dimensions into their business. The methodology used was a Survey with questions were based on patterns in green initiatives in the literature, this study's sample was three large assembly companies in the automotive segment, with industrial plants located both in the southeast region of Brazil and globally. The results show that the wave of sustainability is a result of more than just the threat of negative publicity, and it is pushing enterprises into the green zone. At the same time, economic instability with oscillating growth is forcing enterprises to concentrate on improving efficiency to compensate for unstable demand and the price volatility of commodities, including water and energy."
"AB With the rapid development of economy, the scale of the logistics industry is also expanding rapidly, which brings great convenience to economy and trade, and becomes one of the pillar industries of national economy. However, with the development of economy and logistics, the problem of ecological environment is becoming more and more prominent. Through the design of economic development, logistics development, and the ecological environment index system, the economic development, logistics development and eco-environment development level of 30 provinces and cities in China from 2008 to 2017 are analyzed by using the entropy method and coupling coordination degree model, and the spatial characteristics of regional economic development, logistics development, and ecological environment are analyzed by using ArcGIS software. The results show that the coupling coordination of economic development, logistics development and ecological environment in most provinces and cities in China is at the mediate coupling level, and only Shanghai, Anhui, and Fujian in the Eastern region have reached the high-quality coupling level; there are significant temporal and spatial differences in the coupling and coordinated development between economic development, logistics development and ecological environment. The level of coupling coordination in the western region has always been at a low level, while the level of coupling coordination in most of the central and eastern regions is relatively high. There are situations where the level of coupling coordination is not high; the coordinated growth of economic development, logistics development, and ecological environment is mainly driven by economic development and logistics development. However, the level of ecological environment has been lagging behind the level of economic and logistics development. In the future development, it is necessary to give full play to the role of the logistics industry in economic development, weigh the relationship between the development of the logistics industry and ecological environmental protection, actively develop green logistics, and the level of coordinated development among economic development, logistics development and ecological environment."
"AB The development of green agriculture is an effective way to realize the sustainable development of agriculture, which is of great significance for guaranteeing national food security, improving the supply ability of agricultural products, promoting the healthy development of cultivated land, and realizing green development. Since the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, China has proposed the establishment of a green-development-oriented agricultural support system, which intends to reverse the worsening of the agricultural ecological environment; however, in 2019, the input of agricultural chemical fertilizer still exceeded the international limit of the safe application of chemical fertilizer. In recent years, agriculture has surpassed industry to become the largest non-point source pollution industry in China, seriously affecting the rural ecological civilization construction and the advancement of green sustainable development coordinated. To analyze the key factors affecting the development of green agriculture, in this study, logistic binary regression analysis was used to measure the main factors affecting farmers' green agricultural production willingness and green agricultural production behavior. The results show that a farmer's age, land type, compensation for land transfer, technical service organization, related training, and economic and technological subsidies had significant effects on their green agricultural production willingness. The age of farmers, number of staff, risk of green agricultural production technology, technical service organization, and economic and technological subsidies were shown to have significant effects on the green agricultural production behavior of farmers, where the different factors influenced the behavior to different degrees. Based on the above findings, it is suggested that the Chinese government should help farmers to carry out agricultural green transformation through technical training, policy popularization, economic subsidies, and educational support."
AB Purpose - The purpose of this paper is to explore the specific role of supply chain capabilities (SCCs) in the implementation of particular green strategies and the extent to which this relationship is contingent upon firm size.
"AB Green Supply Chain Management (GSCM) predicates minimizing or preferably eliminating negative effects of supply chain operations on the environment. Companies have to enhance their capability on GSCM activities based on not only emerging environmental regulations but also enthusiastic politics of the companies about environmental practices. GSCM requires multi-dimensional approaches, thus multi-criteria decision making (MCDM) techniques should be implemented while evaluating GSCM performance of companies. Moreover, fuzzy group decision making methods should be implemented in order to seek solutions for vague and complex multi-attribute problems in fuzzy environment. In this study, a model based on integrated fuzzy MCDM methods is proposed for evaluating GSCM performance of companies in terms of green design, green purchasing, green transformation, green logistics and reverse logistics. The cause and effect interrelationship amongst GSCM dimensions is figured out using fuzzy DEMATEL method. Then, based on this interrelationship, fuzzy ANP method is implemented for calculating the weights of the related criteria. Finally, fuzzy TOPSIS method is applied by using the weights obtained from fuzzy ANP method, for evaluating and ranking the GSCM performance of alternative companies. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB With the enhancement of people's environmental awareness, improving environmental performance has become an important way for manufacturing enterprises to achieve sustainable development. At present, one of the key challenges facing enterprises in terms of environmental sustainability is to extend it to other supply chain members. In this paper, the author analyzes the integration performance statistics of green suppliers based on fuzzy mathematics and BP neural network. Supply chain integration represents the company's ability to formulate strategic alliances, integrate resources, establish seamless processes and share information. The empirical results show that it is feasible to evaluate the performance of green logistics enterprise integration. Through reasonable calculation method and model, the effective and reasonable evaluation results can be obtained. Enterprise managers can reasonably evaluate the key links of enterprise management, allocate enterprise resources correctly, completely and reasonably, minimize costs and maximize profits. Therefore, for the green logistics enterprises, should pay attention to the enterprise's own performance evaluation, timely adjust their own development direction, plan and goal."
"AB Efficient planning of freight transportation requires a comprehensive look at wide range of factors in the operation and management of any transportation mode to achieve safe, fast, and environmentally suitable movement of goods. In this regard, a combination of transportation modes offers flexible and environmentally friendly alternatives to transport high volumes of goods over long distances. In order to reflect the advantages of each transportation mode, it is the challenge to develop models and algorithms in Transport Management System software packages. This paper discusses the principles of green logistics required in designing such models and algorithms which truly represent multiple modes and their characteristics. Thus, this research provides a unique practical contribution to green logistics literature by advancing our understanding of the multi-objective planning in intermodal freight transportation. Analysis based on a case study from hinterland intermodal transportation in Europe is therefore intended to make contributions to the literature about the potential benefits from combining economic and environmental criteria in transportation planning. An insight derived from the experiments conducted shows that there is no need to greatly compromise on transportation costs in order to achieve a significant reduction in carbon-related emissions."
"AB The Cosmetics, Personal Hygiene and Perfumery industry has significant importance in Brazil and seeks to adopt concepts and technologies of sustainable development to generate competitive advantages that can be achieved by companies in the industry. In this context, this research proposes to identify the perception of sustainability in recycling, mainly plastic packaging, and to suggest the use of Green Logistics and Cradle-to-Cradle concepts and the use of Communities of Practice. The research has a qualitative nature, using the methodology of multiple case studies with several companies in the industry, the data collection was performed through interviews with semi-structured questionnaire and documentary analyzes. The results were the identification of the companies' perceptions regarding sustainability and a suggestion of the application of the QFD method in the systematic unfolding between the needs of the consumer and the quality characteristics of the product that can be applied in these cooperatives to determine, with the presentation of their aspects and the generation of a quality matrix with the requirements raised."
"AB Ever-growing globalization and industrialization put forward impending requirements for green and sustainable logistics (G&SL). Over the past decades, G&SL initiatives triggered worldwide deliberations, aiming at easing negative transport externalities and improving supply chain performance. This review-based paper attempts to offer a joint quantitative and qualitative understanding for the overall evolutionary trend, knowledge structure, and literature gaps of the G&SL research field. Employing the science mapping approach, a total of 306 major paper published from 1999 to 2019 were retrieved, elaborated on, and synthesized. Visualized statistics regarding publication years, journal allocation/co-citation, inter-country/institution collaboration, influential articles, co-occurred keywords, and time view clusters of research themes were analyzed bibliographically. On this basis, a total of 50 sub-branches of G&SL knowledge were classified and thematically discussed based on five alignments, namely (i) social-environmental-economic research, (ii) planning, policy and management, (iii) application and practice, (iv) technology, and (v) operations research. Finally, the current knowledge obstacles and the future research opportunities were suggested. The findings contribute to portray a systematic intellectual prospect for the state quo, hotspots, and academic frontiers of G&SL research. Moreover, it provides researchers and practitioners with heuristic thoughts to govern transportation ecology and logistics service quality."
"AB Our aim is to determine the factors influencing a visitor's decision to stay in a green accommodation facility. Visitors from six tourist sites throughout the Czech Republic were surveyed. Out of 944 respondents, 506 have never visited a ""green"" accommodation facility and only 93 respondents stayed mainly in a ""green"" accommodation facility. Several independent variables from four factors were studied-the socio-demographic status of respondents, pro-environmental behaviour in tourism, pro-environmental behaviour in everyday life and the pro-environmental attributes of accommodation facilities. Logistic regression and decision tree model were used to identify the most influential variables that are responsible for the choosing of ""green"" accommodation. Expenses during holiday, attitudes, personal norms, pro-environmental behaviour in everyday life and the attributes of a hotel reception were found as important by logistic regression, and out of them, pro-environmental behaviour in everyday life and personal norms are the most important. It is important that variables from all four factors were found as being statistically important for the choosing of a ""green"" accommodation facility. Inquiry at the tourist attractions resulted in diversified information from the respondents that has a predicative ability to link ""green"" accommodation to the visit of mass tourist destinations. An extremely low proportion of those who spend their holidays only in ""green"" accommodation facilities was found."
"AB This article aims to present research conducted on the literature regarding multi-objective optimization for routing problems with environmental considerations, referred to here as Multi-objective Optimization for the Green Vehicle Routing Problem (MOOGVRP). A Brazilian database, CAPES (Coordination for the Improvement of Higher Education Personnel), was used to collect articles of general application, case studies and reviews in English starting from, since 2012. The terms ""green vehicle routing problem"" (GVRP), ""pollution routing problem"" (PRP), ""vehicle routing problem in reverse logistics"" (VRPRL) and ""multi-objective"" were used in the research protocol. Consequently, this study obtained 1,744 research results that, following the application of the filtering criterion, resulted in a sample of 76 articles from 38 journals, for which a bibliometric data (bibliometric review) survey was conducted. The originality of this article lies in how the research is presented, highlighting the results and details obtained through the survey, which may be considered of great academic importance in the sense of guiding the trends for future research."
"AB Every human being is vulnerable to witness and/or experience a disaster, whether caused by man or nature. As a result, disasters require emergency provisions to assist people, taking into account the various losses that have occurred. Thus, it is important to understand humanitarian logistics holistically as well as its associated environmental management. This paper presents an overview of trends related to humanitarian logistics in a green perspective. This paper aims to analyze the contributions of humanitarian logistics and sustainable practices in guaranteeing and protecting the environment in order to realize it as a human right. In order to achieve the proposed objectives and develop this research, the inductive method was used, using bibliographic research in books, articles from scholarly journals, and also legislative sources, based on international treatiesand protocols related to the environment, resilience, combating vulnerabilities and sustainable development. Therefore, it was confirmed the hypothesis that the development of humanitarian logistics from a sustainable and environmental perspective is an efficient mean of ensuring the resilience of the healthy environment as a human right and also to realize the principles and commitments made by countries in international treaties and protocols on the preservation of the environment and natural resources."
"AB Green supply chain management is based on performing environmental management into supply chain network in order to decrease the environmental side effects in the product life cycle. So, in this paper, a bi-objective nonlinear programming for an integrated forward/reverse logistics network with the aim of increasing total profit of the network and maximizing the score of green design and quality indicators and green scrap score is discussed. Quality and green design indicators are considered for the forward network and the green scrap score are defined for scrapped products collected and disassembled in the reverse network. The mentioned network includes three echelons in the forward flow (production centers (factories), distribution centers, and customer zones) and three echelons in the reverse flow (collection/disassembly centers, recycling centers, and disposal centers). The main contribution of this study is to consider green design indicators and quality indicators for developing final products. Furthermore, in the model of this research, some constraints are regarded to determine the amount of paper and plastic consumption in the packaging of the products. After presenting the considered model, Multi-objective Particle Swarm Optimization and Non-dominated Sorting Genetic (NSGA-II) meta-heuristic Algorithms are proposed to find a set of Pareto-optimal solutions. Then, their output is compared through some samples with different sizes to prove their workability."
"AB Satellite-derived greenness vegetation indices provide a valuable data source for characterizing spring vegetation phenology over regional or global scales. A logistic function has been widely used to fit time series of vegetation indices to estimate green-up date (GUD), which is currently being used for generating the global phenological product from the Enhanced Vegetation Index (EVI) time-series data provided by the Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer (MODIS). In this study, we address a violation of the basic assumption of the logistic fitting method that arises from the fact that vegetation growth under natural conditions is controlled by multiple environmental factors and often does not follow a well-defined S-shaped logistic temporal profile. We developed the adaptive local iterative logistic fitting method (ALILF) to analyze the ""local range"" (i.e., the range of data points where the values in the time series begin to increase rapidly) in the MODIS EVI profile in which GUD is found. The new method adopts an iterative procedure and an adaptive temporal window to properly simulate the trajectory of EVI time series in the local range, and can determine GUD more accurately. GUD estimated by ALILF almost match the date of the onset of the greenness increase well while the traditional logistic fitting method shows errors of even more than 1 month in the same cases. ALILF is a more general form of the logistic fitting method that can estimate GUD both from well-defined S-shaped time series and from non-logistic ones. Besides, it is resistant to a range of noise levels added on the time-series data (Gaussian noise with a mean value of zero and standard deviations ranging from 0% to 15% of the EVI value). These advantages mean ALILF may be widely used for monitoring spring vegetation phenology from greenness vegetation indices. (C) 2014 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB Collaborative distribution is the core of modern logistics, and the collaborative distribution centre is the physical location of distribution. This article aims to study the use of green computing energy management to promote a collaborative distribution optimization model and algorithm for an intelligent supply chain. A multiobjective genetic algorithm for energy management using green computing and a multiobjective hybrid genetic algorithm based on parallel selection methods are designed and implemented. A joint optimization model of VRP & VFP for logistics distribution is established. Collaborative system design and collaborative system operation inventory control issues are integrated. Considering uncertain demand, a multiobjective mixed-integer programming model of energy management using green computing is established to solve this problem. Experimental research shows that the optimal solution is found before the optimal operation of the 24th-generation collaborative system. The designed functional value of the collaborative system is 66109, and the optimal operating value of the collaborative system is 57348."
"AB With the environment deterioration becoming a serious concern, numerous industries have realized that it's critical to focus on manufacturing with reduced waste and low carbon emission. Studies show that consumers are getting cognizant of environment preservation and prefer low-carbon developed products. It is seen that in some cases, customers are willing to pay even more for products developed using low carbon emission technologies. Furthermore, government initiatives towards going green has resulted in industries focusing on reducing their carbon footprints throughout the supply chain by employing green supply chain methodologies. In this study, we will develop an inventory model for deteriorating items in green supply chain considering recycling, reverse logistics and remanufacturing. Demand is assumed to be carbon dependent. Products are considered to be deteriorating in nature with time dependent deterioration rate. A crisp model is developed to minimize total average cost. In the crisp model, it is assumed that demand, deterioration and returned rate are precisely known. However, in reality these parameters are imprecise in nature. To model this impreciseness, a fuzzy model is developing considering these parameters as triangular fuzzy numbers. Total cost function is defuzzified using signed distance method and is shown to be convex and a unique solution exists. Numerical analysis is carried out for both crisp and fuzzy cases."
"AB In recent years, the chemical market at home and abroad has been greatly fluctuating, and the small and medium chemical enterprises in China are facing great cost pressure. To optimize the operation mode of small and medium chemical logistics enterprises in Nanjing, the issues existing in the operation mode of small and medium chemical logistics enterprises in Nanjing have been analyzed at first, and then innovative strategies are proposed to solve the problems in this thesis. It mainly starts from the aspects including positive exploration about internet+logistics service, adoption of green development mode, reinforcement of infrastructure construction, quality improvement and efficiency improvement, and enhancement of logistics supply chain, to raise innovative strategies on the operation mode of small and medium chemical logistics enterprises in Nanjing. It aims at providing references for the small and medium chemical logistics enterprises in Nanjing."
"AB This research paper examines the effect of three factors of green supply chain (GSC) practices on organizational performance in the perspective of Pakistani FMCG companies. A sample of 191 companies was collected from the FMCG industry. The GSC practices were measured by three independent variables including green transportation, green distribution and green purchasing. By using exploratory factor analysis and linear multiple regression, the findings show that except green purchasing rest of the two variables (green transportation and green distribution) have been found positive and significant to estimate organizational performance. Therefore, the managers and directors of the FMCG firms should adopt green practices in their distribution and transportation operations to enhance overall organizational performance. The key contribution of this study from theoretical side is that it is possible to sign a negative impact of green purchasing on organizational performance in the context of Pakistani FMCG industry."
"AB The aim of this study is to investigate the specific role of supply chain capabilities (SCCs) in the implementation of green operations (GO) strategies. More importantly, it examines whether this relationship between SCCs and GO is contingent on corporate environmental proactivity (EP). Theoretical predictions of the conceptual model were tested using hierarchical regression analyses of data obtained from 225 senior logistics/supply chain managers in the global auto sector. To ensure the robustness of our findings, a post-hoc analysis using the partial least squares approach was conducted. Significant positive associations exist between specific SCCs and the adoption of GO strategies. EP positively moderates the external integration capability green purchasing and the supplier appraisal capability green manufacturing linkages. However, unexpectedly, EP negatively moderates the effect of internal integration capability on green purchasing. Equally surprising, consistent negative moderation effects are detected for supply chain flexibility on green design, green purchasing, and green manufacturing. This study contributes to the existing resource-based view literature by focusing on the capability strategy linkage and its specific application to environmental management. The exploration of the moderating effects of EP confirms the important role of organizing context in the effective exploitation and deployment of resources and capabilities."
"AB Purpose - This paper aims to empirically identify crucial international logistics policy enablers and to examine their impacts on logistics performance using survey data collected from 169 responding firms in Taiwan and 109 responding firms in the UK including logistics companies, freight forwarders, shipping companies, agencies and airline companies."
"AB Purpose Increasing academic communities and practitioners begin to explore a novel method to reduce environmental pollution and realize green logistics delivery. Additionally, China's Statistical Yearbook shows that the number of private cars has reached 165 million in China. Under this background, this study proposes a green delivery method by the combination of sharing vehicle (private cars) and IoT (Internet of things) from the perspective of vehicle energy efficiency and aims to improve the energy efficiency of social vehicles and provides more convenient delivery services. Design/methodology/approach This study builds an IoT architecture consisting of customer data layer, information collection layer, cloud optimization layer and delivery task execution layer. Especially in the IoT architecture, a clustering analysis method is used to determine the critical value of customers' classification and shared delivery, a routing optimization method is used to solve the initial solution in could layer and shared technology is used in the implementation of shared delivery. Findings The results show that the delivery method considering shared vehicles has a positive effect on improving the energy utilization of vehicles. But if all of delivery tasks are performed by the shared vehicle, the application effect may be counterproductive, such as delivery cost increases and energy efficiency decreases. This study provides a good reference for the implementation of green intelligent delivery business, which has a positive effect on the improvement of logistics operation efficiency. Originality/value This study designs a novel method to solve the green and shared delivery issues under the IoT environment, which integrates the IoT architecture. The proposed methodology is applied in a real case in China."
"AB In order to enhance the effectiveness of inclusive green innovation environment evaluation of enterprises from the perspective of strategic management, this paper aims at the inclusive green innovation environment evaluation problems of enterprises under the ecological environmental protection regulations to put forward an inclusive green innovation environment evaluation index system based on multi-layer clustering algorithm. In addition, it designs the multi-layer clustering improvement mode based on the multi-layer clustering algorithm. Finally, it verifies the effectiveness of algorithm through simulation experiment."
"AB Along with rising awareness of social welfare and environmental protection, corporate social responsibility becomes an internationally emphasized topic. The implementation of corporate social responsibility could effectively promote social impact and brand value as well as present the competitiveness of long-term competitive advantage and sustainable management. From the aspect of environmental protection, medical products with use value should not be disposed in the recovery channel In this case, the maintenance of medical products and the activity to maintain waste medical products, recycle resources, and reuse parts are the environmental protection issues stressed by the government and the public. Aiming at the mass society in Fujian Province, total 360 copies of questionnaire are distributed, with random sampling, and 274 valid copies are retrieved, with the retrieval rate 76%. The retrieved data are analyzed with statistics software. The research results show significant correlations between reverse logistics and corporate image, corporate image and social impact, as well as reverse logistics and social impact. Suggestions, according to the results, are proposed, expecting to help medical device industry effectively combine green strategies, include the concept of environmental protection into corporate culture, provide the society with valuable goods or services, master green business opportunities, and precede differentiation competition in the same trade in order to win in the fierce competition."
"AB Many logistic and instructional changes followed the incorporation of the 12 principles of green chemistry into organic chemistry laboratory courses at the University of Detroit Mercy. Over the last decade, institutional limitations have been turned into green chemical strengths in many areas, including integration of atom economy metrics into learning outcomes, replacing overly toxic equipment and reagents, and modifying matters of reaction scale and type."
"AB Sustainable development is a global objective that aims to address the societal challenge of climate action, the environment, resource efficiency, and raw materials. In this sense, an important strategy is the promotion of green packaging, that is, the use of sustainable materials and designs for the packaging of goods. In recent years, many research works have been published in the specialised area covering the different perspectives and dimensions of green packaging. However, to our knowledge, no previous investigations have analysed the research activity on green packaging from business and consumer perspectives. The present study intends to fill this gap by analysing all of the publications found in the Scopus database with the help of visual analytic tools, including word clouds and Gephi network visualization software. More specifically, our study analyses the impact of green packaging from business and consumer viewpoints, including some specific issues such as the design and materials used in green packaging, green packaging costs, marketing strategies and corporate social responsibility related to green packaging, and the impact of green packaging in waste management, the circular economy, logistics, and supply chain management. The results obtained reveal the growing interest of scholars and researchers in all of these dimensions, as is made patently clear by the increasing number of journal publications in recent years. The practical implications of this study are significant, given the growing awareness among companies and consumers about the importance of the promotion of sustainable development through green packaging alternatives. More specifically, the results of this research could be very useful for all of those agents who are interested in learning about the main lines of research being developed in the field of green packaging."
"AB With a greater awareness of responsibility for the environment and the need to sustain profitability in a competitive market, reverse logistics has become a key part of supply chain management. This paper therefore seeks to consider the designing and planning of a green forward and reverse logistics network, through a mixed integer linear programming model. The model is applied to a multi-stage, multiproduct, and multi-objective problem whereby the first objective is to minimize the cost of operations, processes, transportation, and fixed costs of the establishment. The second objective is to minimize the amount of CO2 emissions based on the gram unit, while the third is to optimize the number of machines in the production line. For validation, the model is applied to the home appliance industry through several test problems. In terms of the solution methodology, an epsilon-constraint method is developed as the area of optimization in order to obtain a set of Pareto solutions. Finally, sensitivity analysis is conducted to understand the effects of changes in the demand, cost, and rate of return of the used product, on the objective function values. (C) 2018 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
AB Objective: The aim of this study is to investigate the impacts of urban green space on stress among Chinese university students.
"AB Sustainable transportation is an ever-demanding matter for cities and societies in light of minimizing global CO2 emissions. This paper introduces the mixed fleet based green clustered logistics problem (MFGCLP) under CO2 emission cap to deal with the sustainable development effort of the transportation industry. The mixed fleet consists of hydrogen vehicles and conventional vehicles. In the proposed distribution problem, customers are clustered in different segments based on similar characteristics. The customers belonging to a cluster must be served by the same vehicle before it visits customers from a different cluster or before it returns to the depot. The CO2 emission of the vehicles is realistically considered as a function of traveled distance, speed, and on-board cargo load. The problem also includes time windows for customers and maximum tour length for the routes. A new hybrid metaheuristic, combining particle swarm optimization (PSO) and neighborhood search, is proposed to solve the problem. Extensive computational experiments have been performed on newly generated problem instances, and benchmark problem instances adopted from the literature. The proposed hybrid PSO proved to be superior to the state-of-the-art algorithms available in the literature."
"AB With the emphasis on environmental protection issues, countries have introduced a number of circular economy-related policies aimed at guiding enterprises to green development and green innovation. At the same time, they are encouraged to strengthen the combination of forward logistics and reverse logistics, providing an effective way to improve resource shortages and reduce environmental pollution. However, the quality of recycled products in reverse logistics is often uncertain, which not only increases the risk of production decisions of remanufacturers, but also affects the sales of new products in the forward logistics to a certain extent. Based on the uncertainty of recycling quality of waste products and the controllability of remanufacturing technology level, this paper studies the impact of various regulatory environments on the operation of a two-way logistics system. We solve the decision model of the system through game theory. The results show that the government's policy can improve product recycling quality and remanufacturing technology. However, recycling rewards and punishments, remanufacturing technology subsidies, and recycling payment factors need to be within a certain range to ensure the effectiveness of the trading market. When the recycling regulation has been implemented, it is beneficial for manufacturers to choose to improve their remanufacturing technology level. This means that the combined effect of multiple policies is more conducive to the operation of a two-way logistics system."
AB Purpose - The purpose of this paper is to examine the environmental sustainability practices of third-party logistics providers (TPLs) in a developing country and analyze the efforts made by TPLs to implement green practices through a case study of Moroccan TPLs.
"AB Improving green total factor productivity (GTFP) is an important theme. Whether collaborative agglomeration between logistics industry and manufacturing (LMCA) can effectively promote GTFP is worth further research. Based on the panel data of 284 cities in China from 2005 to 2018, GTFP is calculated by using the Biennial Malmquist-Luenberger productivity index (BMLPI), and this research investigates the impact of LMCA on GTFP by adopting the spatial Durbin model (SDM) and threshold regressive model (TRM). First, LMCA plays a significant role in promoting the improvement of GTFP in the local and surrounding areas through the knowledge spillover effect, scale economy effect, resource allocation effect and symbiotic economic effect, and the spillover effect is greater than the local effect. Second, the positive direct effect of LMCA on GTFP comes mainly from technological progress, and the positive indirect effect of LMCA on GTFP comes mainly from the positive spillover effect of technological progress and technical efficiency improvement. Finally, the Williamson hypothesis exists significantly in the collaborative agglomeration scenario of the logistics industry and manufacturing of China. With the improvement of the level of economic development, the impact of LMCA on GTFP changes from insignificant to promoting. However, when it is further improved, the promoting effect turns into an inhibiting effect, and this change is dominated mainly by the impact of LMCA on technical change."
"AB The transition to modern and ecologically oriented industries requires the application of new approaches and advanced models of logistics management. In this context, horizontal collaboration has recently become a promising and emerging practice for companies intending to improve their freight transportation efficiency and achieve environmental sustainability. This strategy is usually involved in the independent planning of decision-making problems with economic objectives. However, integrated optimisation of planning decisions with environmental considerations is nowadays considered as one of the major challenges to enhance the competitiveness of logistics networks. In this paper, the integrated planning problem of location, inventory and routing to design two-echelon green logistics networks is studied in collaborative and non-collaborative scenarios. The main purpose of this study is to assess the benefits of horizontal collaboration between suppliers in integrated freight transportation optimization by proposing a new decision support tool. A bi-objective Mixed Integer Linear Programming is proposed and adapted to address both distribution strategies. First, a resolution of the several scenarios with a single objective and a comparison of the results are performed. Second, a multi-objective optimization using an aggregation approach is conducted to find a good trade-off between the economic objectives and environmental ones. The experimental results show that horizontal collaboration among suppliers may decrease the total aggregated cost and emissions in the logistics system."
"AB The main objective of this study is to examine local communities' perceptions and use of green infrastructure (GI) in two case study cities: Bahir Dar and Hawassa in Ethiopia. The study employed a binary logistic regression model to identify factors that affect perceptions of GI. The result shows that people have distinct patterns of usage and positive perceptions towards GI in their respective cities. The regression results show that gender, age, accessibility, safety, education level, type of green infrastructure, level of awareness, location and opportunities for social activities are statistically significant predictors of perception. It is evident that urban GI development that addresses local communities' perceptions needs to be sensitive to these variables."
"AB The development of artificial intelligence technology has brought changes to various industries. Under the concept of green sustainable development, how to use the progress of science and technology to implement low-carbon strategies is a problem that every enterprise should consider. Aiming at the problem of picking up goods in logistics industry, this paper proposed a secondary task assignment theory for multiple unmanned aerial vehicle (Multi-UAV) based on green scheduling. The theory greatly improves the utilization rate of unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) and reduces the energy consumption. We analyzed the advantages and disadvantages of local optimal algorithm and global optimal algorithm in time and energy consumption. Through repeated experiments in different ranges, we have well verified the high efficiency and general applicability of this theory, which can provide theoretical and practical implications for logistics enterprises using UAV to achieve low-carbon sustainable development in the future."
"AB The external diseconomy is hampering sustainable development of the city logistics sector. Burdens on urban environment imposed by the city logistics industry have been put in the spotlight. Based on the principle of Life Cycle Analysis, the comprehensive environment impact for city logistics systems is measured. Firstly, with the city logistics service chain as a whole, its business processes and their interactions with environment are analyzed. In total four types of major environment impact categories are determined. Secondly, case study is made on three city logistics operators located in Jing-Jin-Ji region of China with different business modes, respectively self-operation mode, joint distribution mode and the 3 Party Logistics or 3PL mode. Through analysis of energy consumption and emissions for various business processes, their comprehensive environmental impact values are finally obtained. Thirdly, horizontally comparative analysis is carried out to these three modes of the urban logistics distribution systems. Results show the advantages of the 3PL and the joint distribution modes in developing greener urban logistics distribution. Future research avenues and policy suggestions are proposed finally."
"AB The aim of the work was to evaluate the adjustment of the logistic and gompertz model with structure of first-order autoregressive errors in the study on the 'Dwarf green' coconut fruit growth based on longitudinal and cross-sectional internal cavity diameter data (DLCI and DTCI). Model adjustments showed positive residual autocorrelation, according to the Durbin-Watson test and for both variables, DLCI and DTCI, the residue was modeled according to first-order autoregressive process (AR1). The analysis was performed using the least squares method in the PROC MODEL of the SAS software and results indicated that for both characteristics under study, the logistic model was the most appropriate in describing fruit growth and, according to the model, fully developed 'Dwarf green' coconut fruits have longitudinal and cross-sections internal cavity diameter of approximately 7.39 cm and 7.60 cm, respectively."
"AB We do this research is to examine the relationship between tourism, environmental degradation, and logistics & transport-related operations in a time series data of Thailand from 2001 to 2017. The study employed the autoregressive distributed lag (ARDL) statistical method to study the short-term and long-term relationship between endogenous and explanatory variables. The research results indicate that logistics and transport-related operations positively correlated with inbound tourism. Because logistics and transportation provide foreign tourist easy access to tourist destinations/places, while fossil fuel and carbon emissions have negative effects on inbound tourism in the context of Thailand. On the other hand, a greater level of crime discourages international tourists to visit and strongly negatively associated with inbound tourism both in the short-run and long-run. This research concludes with the importance of the logistics and transport sector that deem it is necessary to increase international tourists' arrivals and enhance the quality of inbound tourism. In addition, governmental authorities should enforce green practices in logistical and transport-related operations, and need to increase tourist safety and security, which may mitigate harmful effects on environmental sustainability, reduces criminal activities and also will attract foreign tourists respectively. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB The aim of this research was to determine the main environmental sustainability initiatives practiced by some Brazilian Logistics Service Providers (LSP) and identify future projects and programs. Even though this topic has gained considerable attention from the international scientific community, most studies do not focus on LSP in emerging economies. Therefore, this exploratory study collected data from the largest LSP companies in Brazil using a semi-structured questionnaire. The software NVivo10 was used to conduct a content analysis with coding data from the questionnaires, as well as to search for patterns in the respondents answers. The findings point out that the surveyed companies have carried out several initiatives, such as energy efficiency, costumer recognition and CO2 emissions reduction. In addition, most of sustainable initiatives are intra-organizational, when compared to inter-organizational ones. The majority of surveyed LSPs had plans to implement sustainable programs involving more intra-organizational actions. However, actions towards customer collaboration were rarely mentioned. The main difficulties related to the implementation of sustainable initiatives are: high cost, compliance with legislation when required, difficulty in involving customers in sustainable projects and management of outlying branches due to extensive territory. (C) 2021 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Generally, in Home Health Care (HHC) logistics, caregivers which are started from a pharmacy are scheduled and routed to do different care services at patients' home. At the end, they go to their laboratory to update the patients' health records. In addition to scheduling and routing of the caregivers, there are some other optimization decisions which can increase the competitive advantages of HHC organizations as a supply chain network. The location decisions of the pharmacies and laboratories and the assignment of patients to the nearest pharmacies are two of the several important logistics factors for an HHC organization. The literature shows that the green emissions and sustainability achievements for HHC logistics are still scarce. To cover more logistics and sustainability factors and make the HHC more practical, this study contributes a Green Home Health Care Supply Chain (GHHCSC) for the first time by a bi-objective location-allocation-routing model. Already applied successfully to this research area, the Simulated Annealing (SA) is also employed in this study. Another main innovation of this paper is to propose a set of new modified SA algorithms to better solve the proposed NP-hard problem. As a bi-objective optimization model, the epsilon constraint method is also utilized to check the algorithms' results in small sizes. By using some multi-objective assessment metrics, the algorithms are compared with each other and their performance is evaluated. As such, some sensitivity analyses are performed to reveal the efficiency of the developed model. Finally, some managerial insights are deployed to achieve the sustainability for the HHC organizations. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB With the rapid growth of e-commerce and technology-based self-services, consumers are increasingly encouraged to co-create individualised self-collection services. This study aims to conceptualise the multiple key facets of self-collection as viewed from consumers' perspectives and identify the latent consumer segments of the service. A total of 603 valid responses are collected, and the data are analysed using the latent class analysis. Adopting the paradigm of value co-creation, we conceptualised the self-collection service as service innovation, an empowerment tool, a green initiative and a value-based experience. Based on the conceptualisation, five latent segments of the service are identified, which are labelled as Patrons, Traditionalists, Self-enhancers, Green-lovers and Haters (from the largest to the smallest segment). By doing this, this study contributes to the literature by demonstrating the heterogeneity in consumers' participation patterns of value co-creation in e-commerce last-mile logistics."
"AB Cold chain logistics is a key factor that affects the quality of the fresh agricultural product distribution process. In this context, the cold chain logistics risk control method of fresh agricultural products e-commerce is proposed from the perspective of green ecological a4riculture. We complete the research on risk identification, risk evaluation and risk control (mainly risk control in the sorting and transportation links). Then, we take a research area as an example to realize the risk of mushroom cold chain logistics, and verify the risk control effect of the proposed method through the comparison of various indicators of mushroom quality. The results show that: under the application of the proposed risk control measures, the temperature in the compartment continues to be 9-11 C, the humidity continues to be 79-81%, the quality of mushrooms decreases slowly, the freshness is guaranteed to the greatest extent, and the delivery time is maintained at 2 days, proving the effect of cold chain risk control for fresh agricultural products e -commerce."
"AB Purpose While humanitarian supply chains (HSCs) inherently contribute to social sustainability by alleviating the suffering of afflicted communities, their unintended adverse environmental impact has been overlooked hitherto. This paper draws upon contingency theory to synthesize green practices for HSCs, identify the contingency factors that impact on greening HSCs and explore how focal humanitarian organizations (HOs) can cope with such contingency factors. Design/methodology/approach Deploying an action research methodology, two-and-a-half cycles of collaboration between researchers and a United Nations agency were completed. The first half-cycle developed a deductive greening framework, synthesizing extant green practices from the literature. In the second and third cycles, green practices were adopted/customized/developed reflecting organizational and contextual contingency factors. Action steps were implemented in the HSC for prophylactics, involving an operational mix of disaster relief and development programs. Findings First, the study presents a greening framework that synthesizes extant green practices in a suitable form for HOs. Second, it identifies the contingency factors associated with greening HSCs regarding funding environment, stakeholders, field of activity and organizational management. Third, it outlines the mechanisms for coping with the contingency factors identified, inter alia, improving the visibility of headquarters over field operations, promoting collaboration and resource sharing with other HOs as well as among different implementing partners in each country, and working with suppliers for greener packaging. The study advances a set of actionable propositions for greening HSCs. Practical implications - Using an action research methodology, the study makes strong practical contributions. Humanitarian practitioners can adopt the greening framework and the lessons learnt from the implementation cycles presented in this study. Originality/value This is one of the first empirical studies to integrate environmental sustainability and HSCs using an action research methodology."
AB The present study was designed to incorporate the profit and green principles in an aggregate production planning.
"AB A lot of effort has been made by the Malaysian government via go-green campaigns to relay the importance of green behaviour to society. Go-green campaigns have been in force over the last three decades but the effectiveness of such campaigns is yet to be determined. This study seeks to uncover the association between the socio-demographic characteristics and the respondents' attitude towards green behaviour based on the information they received through the go-green campaigns. A structured questionnaire was designed as the instrument to gather data for this study. A conceptual model was developed to identify the variables that were likely to affect the respondents' attitude and decisions on adopting green behaviour. One thousand two hundred and six (1,206) respondents were administered randomly to discover their intention of performing green behaviour following the go-green campaigns. Chi-square and the binary logistic regression model were applied to answer the study objectives. The results show that selected socio-demographic profiles such as age and marital status significantly affect the respondents' intention towards performing green behaviour."
"AB Sugarcane-based ethanol in Colombia has a prospective opportunity to explore the production of ethanol from lignocellulosic biomass taking into account that a large amount of generated residues (between 50 and 100 t/ha) are left on the field after green harvesting. The use of sugarcane green harvesting residues for ethanol production could be considered as a feasible solution but it is facing high supply costs. A bottom-up engineering cost model was used to estimate the green harvesting residues supply cost for three collection strategies. The model took into account the investment and operation costs of the residues collection, processing, delivery, and machineries including depreciations, repair and maintenance, and labor cost. Overall energy consumptions and life-cycle GHG emissions of the three strategies were analyzed. The integral harvesting showed the best performance in costs (6.01 USD/dry-t), energy consumptions (125.32 MJ/dry-t), and GHG emissions (7.74 kg CO2-eq/dry-t), followed by the baled and chopped residues."
"AB The ecological system of urban green land is a special ecological system which is mainly to the living environment. The denaturalization of urban environment and its environmental stress are becoming more and more serious. The reasons of urban green land producing biological risk are complex, which cause serious threat to the safety of urban landscape and living environment. At the same time, as the mainly collecting and distributing centre of people and logistics, cities are extremely probable to be invaded by harmful biology. This article analyzed the potential biological risks in different types of green land and put forward some measures about reasonable monitoring, preventive treatment, and scientific management to promote the healthy development of ecological green land system in China from the causes of the green land biological risk."
"AB This special issue of International Journal of Production Research provides a platform for sharing the knowledge base, recent research outputs and a review of recent developments highlighting the critical aspects of green manufacturing supply chain design and operations decision support. The special issue includes 15 contributions presenting new and significant research in the relevant area. Contributions mainly present either a novel green/sustainable manufacturing supply chain design and operations decision support approach applied to a problem, or a state-of-the-art method on green/sustainable factors in supply chain design and operations. The article delineates an overview of the contributions and their significance, and an introspection on the green' factors involved."
"AB The purpose of this article is to verify the efficacy of green practices in influencing competitive enablers of organizations in the electrical and electronics industry. This study applies quantitative modeling, supported by a survey of 70 companies in southern Brazil and a structural equations model. The model includes four constructs: green strategy, green innovation, externalities management in green operations, and information management in green operations. The model also includes three factors influenced by the constructs that facilitate the construction of the organizational competitiveness: compliance, strategic drivers, and corporate image. The main result obtained suggests that green strategy and green innovation are more likely to influence competitiveness in the industry, and information management only partially influences competitiveness, while externalities management appears to have no influence."
"AB Cities are increasingly greening vacant lots to reduce blight. Such programs could reduce inequities in urban greenspace access, but whether and how greened lots are used remains unclear. We surveyed three hundred greened lots in Philadelphia for signs of use and compared characteristics of used and nonused lots. We found physical signs of use that might be found in yard space, such as barbeques, picnic benches, and swings, on approximately 10 percent of lots. Logistic regression showed that population density was the only statistically significant predictor of lot use. Findings suggest that greened lots could provide direct use benefits to neighbors."
"AB The study aims to examine the potential relationship between public health expenditures, logistics performance indices, renewable energy, and ecological sustainability in Association of Southeast Asian Nations member countries. The study used secondary data, which downloaded from the World Bank website and tested for hypotheses using the structural equation modeling. The results show that the use of renewable energy in logistics operations will improve environmental and economic performance to reduce emissions, whereas environmental performance is negatively correlated with public health expenditures, indicating that greater environmental sustainability can improve human health and economic growth. The results also show that increased public health spending and poor environmental performance undermine economic growth in low efficiency and low labor productivity, thus reducing the speed of economic activity. On the other hand, the use of renewable energy in logistics cannot only improve the sustainability of the environment but also create a better national image and provide better export opportunities in environmentally friendly countries to promote sustainable economic growth. The outcomes of this study will help the policy/decision makers to make the proper planning to their investments for achieving sustainable economic growth."
"AB The rapid development of China's logistics industry is accompanied by the deterioration of the ecological environment and excessive energy consumption. Therefore, how to effectively measure and improve the green total factor productivity (GTFP) of the logistics industry is an important guarantee for achieving the coordination of the logistics industry development and the ecological environment protection in the high-quality development stage. This study evaluated the logistics industry's GTFP of 30 provinces in China from 2004 to 2017 using the Epsilon-based measure model (EBM) and global Malmquist-Luenberger index (GML). Then, this paper applied the geographically and temporally weighted regression (GTWR) to analyze the spatiotemporal non-stationarity of influences of driving factors on GTFP. There are three main conclusions drawn in this paper. Firstly, the GTFP of the logistics industry has significant spatial and temporal differences. From a temporal perspective, the GTFP has undergone a process of alternating changes in ascent and descent. From a spatial perspective, the GTFP has an obvious ""east-central-west"" gradient decreasing trend. Secondly, compared with the ordinary least squares (OLS) and the geographically weighted regression (GWR), GTWR performs best in terms of goodness of fit. Thirdly, the regression results of GTWR indicate that the influences of factors have different directions and intensities on GTFP in the logistics industry at different times and regions, showing obvious characteristics of spatiotemporal non-stationarity. Finally, some practical recommendations are put forward in this paper."
"AB This study aims to examine how the level of reverse logistics adoption among manufacturers in Malaysia can be influenced by customer/stakeholder pressure, regulatory pressure, financial and competitive pressure, and corporate citizenship pressure. Data were collected through a survey questionnaire, and respondents were managers of manufacturing firms located in the Northern States of Peninsular Malaysia and the Klang Valley. Partial Least Square (PLS) regression analysis was applied and the findings indicate that regulatory pressure has a significantly strong influence on the level of reverse logistics adoption, while customer/stakeholder pressure has moderate influence."
"AB Green supply chain management (GSCM) can be defined as the integration of environmental concerns into the inter-organizational practices of supply chain management (SCM). This paper analyzes the role of seaports in the greening of supply chains in two ways. First, the fields of action to pursue GSCM objectives in ports are identified and grouped. The proposed typology includes five groups of actions, i.e., green shipping; green port development and operations; green inland logistics; seaports and the circular economy; and, actions in the field of knowledge development and information sharing. In the empirical part of the paper, this typology is used to analyze green actions and initiatives developed by market players and port authorities in the Rhine-Scheldt Delta, the leading European port region in cargo throughput terms. This structured overview of green actions and initiatives shows that these ports are hotbeds for GSCM initiatives, but progress in some areas remains slows. The second part of the analysis focuses on the attitudes and perceptions of port-related actors towards the greening of port-related supply chains. A large-scale survey conducted in the Belgian and Dutch logistics and port industry reveals that greening has been put massively on the agenda by the firms between 2010 and now. The results give a clear view on the diverse drivers and impediments towards the greening of supply chains. In addition, one can still see a gap between words and actions. The survey further points to the role of governments as catalysts or soft enforcers for change, and calls for continuity and coherence in government policy. This paper is the first study providing a comprehensive analysis on initiatives, approaches, and perspectives of port-related actors in a specific multi-port region."
AB Featured Application
AB Freight transport is responsible for a relevant percentage of CO2 emissions. Policies aimed at stimulating green freight transport should mitigate the CO(2 )emissions that the transport sector produces. Fostering consumer's green behavior is fundamental to reduce the impact transportation has on the environment. One can pursue this goal by stimulating consumer's intention to purchase goods that are delivered in an eco-friendly fashion.
"AB The advent of e-commerce has led to a rapid acceleration of rural logistics development in China. To enhance green and sustainable development of rural logistics, it is necessary to improve the service quality of the rural last mile delivery and analyze service quality evaluation indexes. An integrated methodology combing fuzzy comprehensive evaluation (FCE) and the interpretative structural model (ISM) is presented in the current paper to reveal the relationship between the service quality evaluation indexes of the rural last mile delivery. A total of 18 logistics service quality evaluation indexes in five dimensions are selected. The FCE is used to measure the service quality of rural delivery in an empirical research area, and the weight of each evaluation index is assigned by regression analysis. The ISM is adopted to judge the hierarchical structure of indexes, and a five-layer hierarchy is obtained. The results show that it is necessary to first focus on improving the evaluation indexes of accuracy of goods arrival and timely customer service response. In the case of Shunfeng Express, the company needs to additionally improve the timeliness and rationality of damaged or lost processing goods. Some countermeasures and suggestions are put forward. The proposed integrated method helps to reveal the key service quality evaluation indexes and the areas needing improvement. The use of regression analysis within the FCE method allows the estimation of weights in a relatively objective way. This research provides theoretical support for improving the service quality and customers' satisfaction of the rural last mile delivery, and enhancing the green and sustainable development of rural logistics."
"AB In order to improve the statistical analysis ability of green gross domestic product (GDP) development in cities, a green GDP development planning and prediction model based on an analytic hierarchy process (AHP) is proposed. Statistical variables are variables such as echo sounding, profitability, green economic development level, and residual capital of urban green GDP development. According to the variables, we used the AHP to calculate the resource and environment cost accounting, constructed the constraint parameter model of the urban green GDP development, and used the descriptive statistical analysis method to perform statistical analysis of the urban green GDP development plan and perform a paired sample test on the sample. The independent sample test uses logistic regression analysis to predict the urban green GDP development plan and a management strategy adjustment method to predict the urban green GDP development. The evaluation plan and AHP are used to quantify the green GDP development plan of the city."
"AB Behind the rapid development of China's logistics industry, there are problems of high energy consumption and high pollution. Under the dual constraints of resources and environment, promoting the low-carbon transformation of the logistics industry is the key to achieving sustainable development of the logistics industry. This paper applies the epsilon-based measure (EBM) model which considers undesirable output and global Malmquist-Luenberger (GML) index to measure the logistics efficiency under the low-carbon constraints of 30 provinces in China from 2005 to 2017, that is, the green total factor productivity (GTFP), and characterizes its temporal and spatial evolution characteristics through visualization and spatial analysis methods. Then, this paper uses the geographically weighted regression (GWR) model to analyze the influence of industrial agglomeration level, informatization level, foreign direct investment, logistics energy intensity, traffic network density, and technological innovation capability on the GTFP of the logistics industry. The findings of this paper show that (1) during the inspection period, the overall average GTFP of the logistics industry was 0.992, which did not reach the effective level, and the spatial differentiation showed that the average GTFP of eastern was greater than that of in central, and that of in central was greater than that of in western. (2) The GTFP of the logistics industry has experienced an alternating process of rising and falling in time, with large fluctuations. Also, in terms of spatial dimension, there is a trend that high-level areas gradually gather to the southeast, and there is significant spatial autocorrelation. (3) For the logistics industry, high-efficiency areas and high-output areas show significant spatial homogeneity. (4) The estimation results of the GWR show that the direction and intensity of the multi-dimensional driving factors on the GTFP of the logistics industry are different in different regions, showing obvious spatial non-stationary characteristics."
"AB The booming development of e-commerce has brought about rapid growth in the express delivery industry in China. However, urban express distribution is increasingly difficult and seriously affecting the traffic, safety, and environmental conditions of cities due to small, scattered end points, unreasonable allocation of resources, and seriously repeated resource waste. Therefore, there is an urgent need to solve the problems associated with the unreasonable resource allocation of express distribution. In the context of green logistics, a new mode of collaborative distribution based on intelligent end service station (IESS) is proposed. Following the measurement models of carbon emissions, before and after collaborative distributions are provided to prove the environmental benefits of the new mode. The influencing factors considered in the models are the average daily distribution volume, number of distribution sections, vehicle ownership of various types, and their capacity, use, fuel, and power consumption. To verify the models' validity, we conduct an empirical study of five express enterprises in China and make a comparative analysis on the results, which show that the implementation of collaborative distribution can extremely reduce carbon emissions and improve the overall load rate of vehicles. Specially, the use of new energy vehicles can contribute significantly to energy conservation and emissions reduction."
"AB Under the new situation of economic development in China, the logistics industry is facing unbalanced development regarding economic and environmental performance. From the enterprise level, this study investigated the sustainability of Chinese logistics based on the environmental assessment data envelopment analysis (DEA) model, and measured the unified efficiency of a logistics company under two different production arrangement strategies. The empirical measurement provides several findings. First, logistics enterprises give higher priority to operational benefits than environmental performance. Second, under the operational priority of production arrangement, small and medium-sized enterprises' (SMEs) unified efficiency is better than a large enterprise, and private enterprises' unified efficiency is better than state-owned enterprises. Moreover, the empirical study has further proved that the sustainability development of Chinese logistics is still at the primary stage; when facing trade-offs in the sustainability context, logistics companies still prioritize operational performance first. Therefore, transforming corporate strategy into an environmental sustainable priority and realizing logistics sustainability still has a long way to go, which is the backbone of realizing balanced development of both the economy and environment."
"AB With the development of social economy, China's foreign trade gradually develops into a green and low-carbon development, based on this situation, this paper studies the transformation and upgrading of China's foreign trade from the perspective of logistics and transportation. This article analyzes various factors that affect the efficiency of foreign trade logistics distribution and the widely used methods of logistics distribution, and gives a logistics and distribution reference model suitable for the current situation of e-commerce in our country, proposes a reference model of e-commerce logistics distribution system based on Internet environment and designs a suitable transportation route selection model and algorithm for distribution center. After testing, the algorithm in this paper is suitable for practical work, and the algorithm has important reference value for designing and improving the logistics and distribution system and improving the delivery efficiency."
"AB The green iguana (Iguana iguana) was most likely introduced as a pet and became overabundant during the last 20 years on Grand Cayman. Because negative impacts were unmanageable (e.g., damage to buildings and other infrastructure), a harvest management strategy was developed and implemented, and over 874,252 green iguanas were removed between October 2018 and August 2019. Distance sampling surveys were conducted to estimate abundance in February 2019 and annually in August 2014-2019. Abundance estimates were used to develop a Bayesian state-space logistic model, generate the posterior distributions of population and harvest management parameters, and make future predictions of abundance for August 2020-2030. Abundance increased over fivefold between August 2014 and 2018, from an average of 254,162 to 1,319,939 green iguanas. However, after harvesting for 5 months, abundance declined to an average of 600,113 green iguanas in February 2019; and after 11 months, abundance declined to an average of 103,020 green iguanas in August 2019. Maximum population growth rate averaged 1.552, carrying capacity averaged 1,611,013, equilibrium abundance averaged 805,506, maximum sustainable total harvest averaged 628,491, and maximum sustainable harvest rate averaged 0.776. With harvest rates between 0.600 and 0.800, predicted abundance averaged 28,751 green iguanas for August 2020-2030. However, harvest mortality may have unforeseen outcomes due to the release from density dependence and overcompensation through high survival and fecundity rates. Because natural resource managers have partial control over harvesting and incomplete understanding of green iguana population dynamics, monitoring and modeling are essential to assess population response and guide harvest management decisions."
"AB Logistics centers contribute to CO2 emissions in the building and logistics sector and therefore share a responsibility to decarbonize not only the supply chain. Synergy effects in both building and intra-logistics should be considered as suitable levers to lower energy demand and related CO2 emissions. This research develops firs t with a systemic approach an integrated analytical model for energy calculation and reference building models for different types of logistics centers to provide basic knowledge and a methodological framework for planners and managers to aid in the selection of different intra-logistics and building design options for optimum energy efficiency. It then determines the energy demand in reference building models and performs parameter studies to examine interrelations and impacts of design options for intra-logistics, building technology, and building skin on energy demand. It combines these to optimized reference building models to show the extent to which energy and CO2 emission savings can be reached. The results show that it is possible to significantly lower CO2 emissions. However, there are clear differences between the different types of logistics centers and the impacts of different design options."
"AB Past studies separately show internal/external collaboration and different green practices can create different performance outcomes. By extending these studies, this paper hypothesizes that the performance effects of different green practices (that emphasize operations and product/market innovation) depend on the types of internal and external collaboration. The hypotheses are tested through a survey of manufacturers in China (Hong Kong) and the United Kingdom. As expected, green product design and packaging practices (emphasize innovation) create environmental and cost benefits when there are high levels of internal and external collaboration. Instead, green production, sourcing, and logistics practices (emphasize operations) create performance when the levels of internal and external collaboration are low. Only green production creates financial/market performance at a high level of stakeholder collaboration. These results show that it is important to distinguish the types of collaboration when implementing various green practices."
"AB This paper proposes a model to address the design problem of a regional logistics network. In the proposed model, the decision variables include the location and size of logistics parks. The interaction between the logistics authority and logistics users as well as the effects of economies of scale and CO2 emission taxes on the logistics network design are explicitly considered. The proposed model is formulated as a bi-level formulation, in which the upper level aims to maximize total social welfare of the system by determining the optimal location and size of logistics parks with CO2 emission taxes consideration, whereas the lower level describes the logistics users' choices for service routes. A heuristic solution algorithm is presented to solve the proposed model, and a numerical example is given to illustrate the applications of the proposed model and solution algorithm. The findings show that the optimal location and size of logistics parks depend on the realized logistics demand and the level of the economies of scale. The CO2 emission taxation can help to improve the total social welfare of the system and drive the logistics users to choose greener transportation modes."
"AB This article proposes a new model to address the design problem of a sustainable regional logistics network with uncertainty in future logistics demand. In the proposed model, the future logistics demand is assumed to be a random variable with a given probability distribution. A set of chance constraints with regard to logistics service capacity and environmental impacts is incorporated to consider the sustainability of logistics network design. The proposed model is formulated as a two-stage robust optimization problem. The first-stage problem before the realization of future logistics demand aims to minimize a risk-averse objective by determining the optimal location and size of logistics parks with CO2 emission taxes consideration. The second stage after the uncertain logistics demand has been determined is a scenario-based stochastic logistics service route choices equilibrium problem. A heuristic solution algorithm, which is a combination of penalty function method, genetic algorithm, and Gauss-Seidel decomposition approach, is developed to solve the proposed model. An illustrative example is given to show the application of the proposed model and solution algorithm. The findings show that total social welfare of the logistics system depends very much on the level of uncertainty in future logistics demand, capital budget for logistics parks, and confidence levels of the chance constraints."
"AB Large-scale floating green tides in the Southern Yellow Sea (SYS) caused by the macroalgal species Ulva prolifera have been recurring for 13 years and have become one of the greatest marine ecological disasters in the world. In this study, we attempt to explore the development pattern of green tides and find its key environmental influencing factors. The satellite remote sensing data of the development process of green tides fit the logistic growth curve (R-2 = 0.93, P < 0.01) well, showing three distinct growth phases (lag, exponential growth, and short plateau phases). Correspondingly, the green tide-drifting area from the coast of Jiangsu to the nearshore waters of the Shandong Peninsula was divided into three sections: the lag phase zone (A), the exponential growth phase zone (B), and the plateau phase zone (C). Zone A in the south of Jiangsu coastal waters had abundant inorganic nutrients that were indispensable to the green tide initiation. Zone B was mainly located out of Haizhou Bay, south of 34.5 degrees N and north of 35.5 degrees N, where approximately 80% of the green tide biomass was generated. The rich bioavailable nutrient sources, suitable temperature, and irradiance in this area were the main promotion factors for the rapid growth and scale expansion of green tides. Wet precipitation in zone B in May and June also played an important role in the final scale of green tides. Zone C had poor nutrients, increasing temperature, and irradiance (high transparency), which limited the continued expansion of green tides, and organic nutrients might be an important support to green tides development in this region. The study based on the growth phases of green tides could help us further understand the eutrophication mechanism in the green tide outbreaks in SYS."
"AB Cross-docking refers to the practices of unloading materials from inbound vehicles and then loading them directly into outbound ones. Removing or minimizing warehousing costs, space requirements, as well as inventory utilization, cross-docking simplifies supply chains and makes them deliver goods to markets in a faster and more efficient manner. Accordingly, a mixed-integer linear programming (MILP) model is developed in the present study to schedule transportation routing and cross-docking in a reverse logistics network (RLN). Furthermore, different traffic modes are also considered to reduce fuel consumption, which reduces emissions and pollution. The proposed model is a multiproduct, multi-stage, and non-deterministic polynomial-time that is an NP-hard problem. We use the non-dominated sorting genetic algorithm II (NSGA - II) to solve the model. A numerical example has been solved to illustrate the efficiency of the method."
"AB Logistic performance has been improved tremendously in many parts of the world. Nonetheless, its improvement does not necessarily guarantee that environmental quality can be preserved. Hence, it is the objective of this study to examine the effect of logistic improvement on environmental degradation in developing countries. Applying dynamic panel model estimator for a panel of 50 developing countries for the period between 2010 and 2016, this study observes that the level of pollution tends to be higher with a higher level of logistic performance. The findings show that developing countries that did not adopt green practices on logistic performance pose negative effects in terms of air pollution, climate change, and global warming. Thus, the efforts to reduce environmental degradation must be comprehensive enough and the priority of environmental policies should be in the first place, targeting logistic performance. In other words, performance measure of logistic should also take into account its contribution to environmental quality."
"AB The study addresses a distributor's delivery strategy problem with consideration of carbon emissions, retailers' time-dependent demands and demand-supply interactions. A mathematical programming model is formulated for solving optimal number and time-window of service cycles. A case study is presented. The results show that the distributor would adopt a frequent delivery strategy if carbon taxes are insufficiently high. Providing the retailers with price discounts does not work out since retailers would value the delays in receiving their ordered products more than the compensations of less frequent delivery given by the distributor in response to carbon taxes. Models with demand-supply interactions can result in larger profit and market share than those without demand-supply interactions. This study sheds new light to the distributors, the retailers, and the regulators in greening the logistics transport. (C) 2014 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB This paper focuses on solving a problem of green location-routing with cold chain logistics (GLRPCCL). Considering the sustainable effects of the economy, environment, society, and cargos, we try to establish a multi-objective model to minimize the total cost, the full set of greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, the average waiting time, and the total quality degradation. Several practical demands were considered: heterogeneous fleet (HF), time windows (TW), simultaneous pickup and delivery (SPD), and a feature of mixed transportation. To search the optimal Pareto front of such a nondeterministic polynomial hard problem, we proposed an optimization framework that combines three multi-objective evolutionary algorithms (MOEAs) and also developed two search mechanisms for a large composite neighborhood described by 16 operators. Extensive analysis was conducted to empirically assess the impacts of several problem parameters (i.e., distribution strategy, fleet composition, and depots' time windows and costs) on Pareto solutions in terms of the performance indicators. Based on the experimental results, this provides several managerial insights for the sustainale logistics companies."
"AB This paper reviews the ex-post assessment of city logistics measures implemented in some European cities and, in a ""what if"" framework, proposes an analysis of tested environmental effects which may be useful in defining city logistics scenarios to be evaluated ex ante by simulation models. The analysis is performed in relation to the goals of environmental sustainability to pursue and the main characteristics of the cities in question (i.e., population and density). The paper aims to provide a tool that could be used in an ex-ante assessment methodology to identify a priori which measures (or set of measures) could best work in a specific city with respect to the environmental sustainability goals to pursue. Future scenarios can, thus, be readily defined and subsequently assessed by simulation tools in order to verify whether they meet the planned objectives. Although all measures can produce considerable environmental effects, the study shows that the choice of their implementation should be driven by the type of pollutant to detect."
"AB Time headway distributions play an important role in analyzing driver behavior prediction, road service evaluation, traffic state estimation, et al. Thus, less attention was paid on the start-up time headway distributions at urban signalized intersections. To bridge the gap, we proposed a novel framework with three-parameter burr model and log-logistic distribution model to analyze vehicle start-up time headway distribution characteristics at signalized intersections. First, we collected a large amount of start-up time headway samples at the signalized intersection located at Guangzhou city in China. Second, all the vehicle start-up sample data have been processed and analyzed with three-parameter Burr model and log-logistic distribution curves. Third, we explored vehicle start-up time headway distribution characteristics by considering and regard less of queuing positions. Last but not least, we have applied our model to analyze saturated time headway distributions, and estimate minimum green time for vehicle queues passing through intersections. The findings of our research can help transport authorities set more reasonable green time at intersections, and improve urban transportation commuting efficiency. (C) 2019 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB The objectives of this work were to adjust nonlinear regression models for the green beans production and to identify the plot size which provides the best explanation and adjustment to the models. The authors used two field and two protected environment (plastic tunnel) trials in the autumn-winter and spring-summer seasons. The logistic and von Bertalanffy models were adjusted for average weight of green beans accumulated after multiple harvests and with different plot sizes. The models presented similar estimates and the same parameters estimates in all the plot sizes. The logistic model provided estimates closest to the reality, showing the best description performance for the average weight of pods during the productive cycle. In the autumn-winter season, plot size of 14 basic units (28 plants in the cultivation line direction) in the field and of two basic units (four plants in the cultivation line direction) under the plastic tunnel provide a good quality in the models adjustment. In the springsummer season, the plot sizes are made of six basic units (12 plants in the cultivation line) in the field and seven basic units (14 plants in the cultivation line) under the plastic tunnel."
"AB In the past decade, urban last-mile logistics (ULML) has attracted increasing attention with the growth of e-commerce. Under this background, express cabinet has been gradually advocated to improve the efficiency of ULML. This paper focuses on the multi-objective green express cabinet assignment problem (MGECAP) in ULML, where the objectives to be minimised are the total cost and the energy consumption. MGECAP is concerned with optimising the purchase and assignment decision of express cabinets, which is different from conventional assignment problems. To solve MGECAP, firstly, the integer programming model and the corresponding surrogate model are established. Secondly, problem-dependent heuristics, including the solution representation, genetic operators, and repair strategy of infeasible solutions, are proposed. Thirdly, a probability guided multi-objective evolutionary algorithm based on decomposition (PG-MOEA/D) is proposed, which can balance the limited computation resource among sub-problems during the iterative process. Meanwhile, a feedback strategy is put forward to alternatively generate new solutions when the probability condition is not satisfied. Finally, numerical results and a real-life case study demonstrate the effectiveness and the practical values of the PG-MOEA/D."
"AB This paper presents a green manufacturing-recycling network design approach for multi-echelon electronic assembly process under a complex product mix scenario which incorporates trade-off between economic cost and heavy metal pollutants. The approach is developed by formulating the green manufacturing-recycling network into a closed-loop logistics bi-objective optimisation model, in order to alleviate negative environmental influence by applying proper cleaner production technologies. The environmental influence is quantified by pollution equivalent numbers which are integrated in the model. Moreover, the volume of the heavy metal pollutants is optimised by selecting the cleaner production level and thus is jointly coordinated with the operation cost. To solve the bi-objective optimisation model, an enhanced global criterion approach is presented to improve the effectiveness on dealing with non-convexity of the Pareto-optimal frontier with computational efficient solutions. The proposed model is implemented on a case study to verify its flexibility to handle the closed-loop manufacturing-recycling network design of different sizes, as well as to obtain trade-off between operation cost and environmental influence by the heavy metal pollutants under various scenarios."
"AB This paper presents a novel color image encryption approach. The proposed approach utilizes the basic concepts of DNA cryptography along with Lorenz and Rossler chaotic system and 2D logistic map. The proposed approach encrypts RGB images using DNA cryptography techniques. In diffusion phase, at pixel level Lorenz and Rossler chaotic system is used to encrypt the three channels of test images. Afterwards, at bit level 2D logistic map is used for performing bitwise chaotic ponytail process on these diffused Red, Green, and Blue channels in confusion phase. Simulation of the proposed approach on test images reveals that the color images have been encrypted very efficiently."
"AB Maritime freight transport represents an effective solution, allowing to ensure a low-impact service both under an economic and a sustainable perspective. As a consequence, in the last ten years, an increasing trend of goods transported by sea has been observed. In order to improve the terminal containers' performance, recently published scientific studies shown the applicability of the 'lean logistic' concept as a strategic key for ensuring a continuous improvement of the logistic chain for inter-/infra terminal containers' activities. According to this approach, the adoption of a dry port can positively affect terminal containers' performance, but this requires resources and investments due to inter-terminal activities (e.g. transport of the container from port to dry port and vice versa). The purpose of the study is to develop a mathematical programming optimization model to support the decision making in identifying the best containers' handling strategy for intermodal facilities, according to lean and green perspectives. Numerical experiments shown the effectiveness of the model in identifying efficient, material handling strategies under lean and green perspective."
"AB Business models have being designed, worldwide, to create sustainability competencies and in particular to incorporate reverse logistics, but Brazilian executives have not yet fully adhered to Law 12,305 on solid waste and reverse logistics. What would be the Brazilian executives' perception about reverse logistics competency and the support provided by a collaborative and IT competency? The objective of the paper is to investigate the effects of collaboration and IT competency in developing reverse logistics competency, as a strategy, and its consequences in economic and environmental performance. A survey was performed with 320 Brazilian supply chain executives and analyzed using Structural Equation Modeling. The models demonstrated that collaboration has a direct positive influence on the development of reverse logistics competency, by executives' point of view. The moderation effect between collaboration and IT competency for reverse logistics was not confirmed, since it was adopted a strategic view of reverse logistics. Therefore, despite there was not a moderation effect, IT presented a lower direct effect on reverse logistics competency. Results reinforce that organizations that develop reverse logistics competency tend to improve their economic and environmental performances."
"AB The literature indicates that green supply chain is not only dedicated for organic products. Rather, the authors take a focus on the analysis of processes, organizational and law issues and the implementation of innovations that include, among others, the green aspects (manufacturing, production, transportation). Connection of green supply chain with organic products seems to be very important, among other reasons, because the development of the market for these products is dynamic. The interest of these products is growing worldwide. Production of organic products is legally regulated. The final result of this work will identify the basis for building a model of green supply chain for organic products (with emphasis on agricultural products), the identification of the factors forming the basis for the construction, relationships between stakeholders and indicate which of the factors determine the greening supply chain and whether they are necessary or sufficient factors for the role of ecological products of the market."
"AB China has faced environmental concerns due to its increased economic growth. Corporations are under various pressures to address environmental issues and may be critical to social change in China. Competitive advantage from building green markets and green consumers can occur as social mores and norms evolve. Sustainable consumption can also be managed through green marketing and green consumerism efforts. This paper reviews the emergent research on green marketing and consumerism in China. A total 52 peer reviewed journal publications are identified and reviewed from a variety of journals ranging from technological to marketing based journals. A conceptual framework has been used to identify gaps and future research directions based on marketing strategy, industrial sector, international comparisons, and green consumerism, all of which play a role in society and its sustainability. This work is the first to analyze green marketing and consumerism in China. (C) 2016 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB Acquiring and using knowledge resources is essential for companies to implement green supply chain management. It can help companies understand market information, government policies, and customer needs, as well as help companies carry out technological innovation and product design and development to maintain their competitive advantages. This research develops a conceptual model based on the knowledge-based theory, as well as the mediating effect of green self-efficacy and the moderating effect of knowledge application. The research hypotheses are verified using data from 264 companies in 8 industries in central China. The results show that knowledge seeking and knowledge generation can prompt enterprises to implement green supply chain management (GSCM). Green self-efficacy plays a mediating role between knowledge seeking, knowledge generation and green supply chain management. Knowledge application has played a positive role in regulating the relationship between knowledge seeking and green self-efficacy, and between knowledge generation and green self-efficacy."
"AB Today environmental management emphasizing environmental protection has become one of the most important issues of customers, governments, industry and competitors. International and global pressures have forced organizations to produce environmentally friendly products and services. This study aimed to identify factors affecting green supply chain and provide a framework to implement, evaluate and compare the green automotive part industry. This study was carried out in two different phases; first, by reviewing scientific literature and acquiring experts' opinion, seven green supply chain management criteria were extracted included green supplier and purchase, green design and packaging, green manufacturing, green distribution and marketing, reverse logistics, environmental management, training and research through which Delphi questionnaire was prepared. Then, the criteria were prioritized using fuzzy AHP and experts' opinion. Finally, using fuzzy AHP, three German, Italian and Korean companies were measured by seven influential factors. The results showed that HENKEL, PPG, and KCC acquired the first to third ranks, respectively. It was also tried to provide solutions and analysis of results obtained."
"AB In signal detection theory (SDT), the well-known Green's area theorem establishes an equivalence between the area under the receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve with the hit probability (H) and the false-alarm probability (F) in the yes-no paradigm and the proportion of correct responses (P-c) of an unbiased observer in the two-alternative forced-choice (2AFC) paradigm. This theoretical note extends Green's area theorem from the 2AFC to the specified 'M + N', which is a generalization of many sensory discrimination forced-choice methods including the 2AFC as its special case. It is demonstrated that the area under the ROC curve with the hit probability h(H,N) and the false-alarm probability f(F,M) equals the P-c of an unbiased observer in the specified 'M + N'. An analytical expression of a general psychometric function for the specified 'M + N' is derived. A logistic variant of the general psychometric function is also provided. (C) 2018 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved."
"AB This paper investigates an interesting regional multimodal logistics network design problem with CO2 emission reduction target and uncertain demands in the context of urban cluster development. From the perspective of system optimization, a regional logistics network involves a centralized logistics authority and a centralized carrier, where the logistics authority concerns the regional logistics network configuration in terms of the number, location and scale of logistics parks and the subsidies of rail transportation links, and the carrier's decisions include the choice of transportation route for each logistics demand. Given a determined logistics demand pattern, this multi-stakeholder decision making problem is first formulated as a bi-level programming model followed by its equivalent mathematical programming with equilibrium constraints (MPEC) to depict the leader-follower behaviors. To capture the risk aversion level of the logistics authority in uncertain demand environment, an improved adjustable robust optimization method is proposed, including an individual control parameter and providing an exact expression of the maximum satisfaction probability. Computational results and related impact analysis demonstrate that the proposed models and solution methods are effective, which can provide the beneficial theory basis and practice guide for the green and sustainable development of regional logistics. (c) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB By collecting basic data about the geological environment of the study area, this article introduces the geological environment of the study area in mountainous areas. Use data model, logistic regression model, and spatial logistic regression model to estimate the landslide susceptibility of the area and divide the research area. Based on the GIS platform and the regression model data model, seven evaluation factors were selected-altitude, rock characteristics, distance to the river, distance to the road, distance to the fault zone, vegetation and rainfall, etc. Using spatial logistic regression model and information model to carry out landslide risk prediction and regional assessment in this area, it shows that the development of mountain landslide disasters in the study area has considerable spatial effects. The areas with extremely high and high susceptibility to mountain landslides are mainly distributed in the study area. The southwest region is mainly distributed along rivers, both sides of roads, and near fault zones; most of the low- and medium-risk areas are scattered in higher altitude areas, with large slopes, low human activities, and high vegetation coverage. At the same time, the issue of green landscape setting on both sides of the highway is also mentioned. The green landscape system is composed of the highway itself and the attached green spaces on both sides. At present, many studies on the landscape system of the two roads are focused on improving the engineering technology of the main body of the highway and improving the landscape effect. The attached green space on both sides of the road is taken as the main focus of the research. The green space on both sides of the road is an important part of the ecological zone and plays an irreplaceable ecological role. Therefore, this paper conducts a more in-depth study on the use of disaster-prone prediction technology to study landslides and the current green landscape design on both sides of the road."
"AB The dry port can smooth the movement of cargo and eliminate capacity pressure, natural restriction and externalities faced by seaports. A network of dry ports also can reduce the amount of pollution emitted from logistics activities by allowing the increasing share of environmentally friendly modes of transport. The paper suggests a green routing model for dry port selection to increases the percentage of using rail or inland waterway transportation in the journey through dry port, instead of road transportation. This model reduces the amount of emission from logistics activities, such as carbon dioxide (CO2), nitric oxides (NOx) and particulate matter (PM) with the minimum cost, considering both the emission charge and the shipping charge. A case study is conducted for Samsung Thai Nguyen factory in the North of Vietnam to validate the model application. The results indicate that the smallest total cost route saves up to 51% of CO2 and 36.5% of PM emission exhausted than unimodal road transportation. The research provides a useful guideline for new green transport policies of public agents as well as decision-making processes in private companies."
"AB Purpose Green supply chain management (GSCM) research is so far dominated by studies focusing on manufacturing companies, while research on retailers is missing. The purpose of this study is to assess the interaction between green in-store activities (environment-related infrastructure and retail in-store processes), GSCM and environmental and economic performance outcomes."
"AB As increasing transportation costs mounts pressure on the businesses, there has been an increasing interest on vehicle routing problem (VRP) as a viable and effective solution. Both industry and academia are continuously looking for new approaches to save transport cost and time while increasing profit margins. This endeavor will eventually reduce costs of delivering goods and services for customers, and therefore enhancing the competitiveness of firms involved. Particularly, transportation cost savings could have potential impacts on marketing activities of remanufactured and recycled products in reverse logistics chains. Therefore, developing practical solutions for VRP of original and remanufactured products is one the emerging topics in the current transportation research. In this article, we propose a multi objective non-linear programming model for the green vehicle routing problem (GVRP), including original and remanufactured products distribution (both delivery and pickup) of end of life (EOL) products. Through the appropriate fuzzy approach the model is linearized, validated, and solved. The results show considerable level of improved performance under the model configurations and proposed solution approach. The obtained results clearly indicate that the proposed mathematical model is capable of reducing the fuel cost, distribution center set-up cost and supplying vehicles, as well as minimizing air pollution. Finally, using a real case study the reliability and viability of the proposed model is verified. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB As a growing part of the global population lives in cities, green spaces are an essential asset for improving quality of life. This study aims to address the role of green spaces in providing favorable thermal comfort conditions for the use of outdoor spaces. The research methodology consisted of a structured experiment where a defined set of individuals from different age groups was exposed to differentiated microclimate conditions. Four nearby locations were considered, ranging from a stone-paved surface without shade to high tree canopy coverage over grass. This experiment took place in three different days in summer and early autumn conditions, with a total of 432 questionnaires. Results show a wide range of thermal sensations found during this experiment, while more favorable thermal sensations were found in shaded locations. To investigate the role of prevailing meteorological and personal conditions on thermal sensations, multinomial logistic regression analysis was applied. Results show the influence of air temperature, global radiation, wind speed, and interviewees' gender. As meteorological variables were influenced by the diverse contexts found within a close distance inside the studied green space, results from this structured experiment suggest the need for micrometeorological diversity in the local context as a means to promote greater adaptive opportunities for green spaces users."
"AB Carbon footprints describe the greenhouse gas emissions of predefined objects, such as products, companies, persons or transport units. Corresponding emission calculation standards have been developed and their application increased over the past decade. The article discusses this development, the current state of implementation and open questions regarding application and harmonization using the example of the logistic sector. Additionally, the author explores the question, how carbon footprints contribute to CO2 reduction targets and what effects might occur within supply chains."
"AB Unconventional emergencies are difficult to be predicted and controlled. Emergency logistics supply chains (SCs) are exposed to great natural risks in operation and prone to encounter chain breakage. Based on a large number of literature analysis and practical research, this paper proposes 8 strategies and develops a Fuzzy-topsis (Technique for Order Preference by Similarity to an Ideal Solution) approach to enhance emergency logistics SC resilience. An empirical analysis is carried out among several Emergency Logistics Experts. The results show that the 3 strategies of ""increasing the number of transport links"", ""improving information monitoring and warning capabilities"", ""improving the accuracy of the plans"" and ""establishing a green passage"" are most effective to enhance the resilience of the emergency logistics SC. Sensitivity analysis shows that the 8 strategies proposed play different roles in the contribution of SC resilience enhancing and can be applied in different situations."
"AB Transport and logistics activities contribute heavily to global sustainability problems, yet the implementation of corporate social responsibility and sustainability reporting in the sector lags behind. This paper aims to analyze sustainability reporting in the logistics sector, with focus on environmental, social and economic indicators. An extensive operationalization of sustainability indicators is used to examine and analyze the sustainability reports of 52 organizations in the logistics sector worldwide. Results show that the sector does not agree on the materiality of sustainability indicators. Furthermore, sustainability reporting seems to be incompatible with daily operations, leading to obscurity in reports. This contrast, between the necessary existence of organizations in the logistics sector and their undesirable environmental and social effects, calls for future research into how organizations are coping with this paradox. A viable way forward is needed in order to ensure materiality in the sectors' efforts toward sustainability reporting."
"AB As a major cause of global warming, carbon emissions have become a considerable concern in society. In this paper, the authors examine logistics network design considering the carbon emission reduction preferences of decision-makers. To investigate the effects of carbon reduction preferences on carbon emissions, the authors first develop two optimization models with the objectives of optimizing carbon emissions and operation costs, respectively. Subsequently, the authors analyze the effects of the emission reduction preferences of decision-makers on logistics network design at both the strategic and tactical levels. Moreover, the authors propose coordination mechanisms for carbon emissions and operation costs in logistics network design. The results indicate that emission reduction preferences significantly affect carbon emissions and operation costs in logistics network design, especially at the strategic level."
"AB The objective of this paper is to investigate the effects of maritime green supply chain management (MGSCM) on sustainable business performance. This paper addresses the complex dimensions of 'sustainability' to be integrated into maritime supply chain activities with the existing green supply chain concept linking the concept with the extended bottom line dimensions of sustainable business operations. To achieve the objective, an online survey was administrated to various maritime supply chain companies in Malaysia. The findings confirmed that MGSCM practices indirectly facilitate sustainable economic, environmental, operational and social performance for these businesses. This paper presents practical suggestions for maritime practitioners that highlight the need to materialise green practices adoption in the maritime supply chain in the future."
"AB In this study, we investigate how terrorism and risk create impacts on logistics performance in the SAARC (South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation) member countries. This study adopted FE (Fixed Effects) methods and RE (Random Effects) as robustness. The results indicate that bombing attacks have strongly negative impacts on all logistics indices including LPIQTTI (logistics performance index: Quality of trade and transport-related infrastructure), LPIQLS (logistics performance index: Competence and quality of logistics services), and LPICCP (logistics performance index: Efficiency of customs clearance process). Due to a higher level of terrorism in the SAARC countries particularly in Pakistan, Afghanistan, and India, quality of logistics services and transport-related infrastructure is poor and/or destroyed, which directly creates disruption and a long delay in a global logistics operation. Besides, terrorism results in shrinkage to the trade and investment opportunities; and poor logistical infrastructure causes the slowdown of the economic growth of SAARC countries. As this is first research for examining the impact of terrorism on logistics operations using macro-level indicators, it will assist the policymaker to understand the consequences of terrorism on the logistics industry and make protection plan for logistics operations such as after 9/11 attacks; US built C-TRAT (Customs-Trade Partnership against Terrorism) and CSI (Container Security Initiative)."
"AB The growth of e-commerce has increased urban freight transport, bringing negative externalities of emissions, pollution, noise, congestion, and habitat loss. There is a visible effort to make the urban last-mile (LM) deliveries more sustainable, mainly in the environmental aspects; however, the related literature lacks a synthesis of the up-to-date research trends and available solutions. This paper reviews relevant literature following SRL methodology in terms of topics related to green LM deliveries on the e-commerce market in urban areas, and identifies trends and the research gaps in this field. In addition, current research topics and existing solutions within the e-commerce market, which increase its environmental sustainability are presented. The findings provide an accurate and comprehensive synthesis of research in green LM e-commerce deliveries in cities, identify current and emerging interests of researchers worldwide, and discover areas requiring further studies. The topics of ICT and smart solutions, customer behavior, and performance assessment certainly seem to be underestimated in the current research. In practical terms, it is a source of knowledge and guidelines on the current developments regarding the existing solution for the LM e-commerce deliveries in the urban area, which might help local governments, freight operators, and other stakeholders of last-mile logistics to improve their sustainability."
"AB Reverse Logistics (RL) is a relatively new topic in academic studies and has had in Brazil its greatest prominence with the National Policy on Solid Waste. This article aims to verify, in 47 articles from the Spell base, published between 2003 until September 2015, how Reverse Logistic has been studied. It was noticed that researchers seem to have problems in searching RL in daily consumption issues (such as, for example, vehicle lubricating oil disposal, lamps, glass, plastic and packaging). It turned out that the RL theme can still be more fully explored due to the diversities and specificities on the involved sectors, functions and flows in the reverse supply chain. Future studies may address more issues, such as the impact of Brazilian legislation and actions towards a green and ecoefficient Reverse Logistic."
"AB This paper aims at finding out what effort logistics-related companies based in the Slovak Republic demonstrate, concerning their social responsibility. Using a standardized questionnaire, addressing approximately 30 issues from the field of social responsibility, grouped in five categories, we approached over 100 members of the Association of Logistics and Freight Forwarding of the Slovak Republic, of which 29 provided answers. Despite the low number of respondents, it was still possible to formulate several findings. First, it was revealed that a part of the Slovak logistics industry cares about the issue of social responsibility although the level of such a commitment is uneven for the five analyzed dimensions. Second, the responding companies with employees, or a department, dealing specifically with corporate social responsibility, demonstrate more effort in the field. Third, the responding foreign-owned companies also demonstrate additional efforts towards social responsibility. These findings may become a starting point for further research on the topic and intensify the discussion on the still underdeveloped concept of logistics social responsibility, not only from a onecountry perspective."
"AB Due to the increasing global environmental consciousness and sustainability concerns, different industries that deal with Reverse Logistics (RL) are seeking methods to measure and analyze the impacts of their RL activities on the environment. However, making the greenest decision in the vague and complex area of RL makes this process somewhat difficult. Hence, to address these issues and provide a more meticulous and closer approach to the real world situations, a FUZZY-VIKOR method using interval-valued trapezoidal fuzzy numbers is proposed in the current research. As the further discussions explain, first, the significant factors in environmental sound practices together with the main processes and recovery options in RL are identified. Second, the influences of each green environmental factor on each RL recovery option are analyzed and ranked. To obtain concise results, the elicitation of experts is sought from among academicians and industry. The final results illustrate that, intriguingly, disposing of the returns has the lowest negative impact on the environment; thereby the best recovery option, while reselling of the returns was perceived as the worst recovery option. This research also suggests new directions for future research. From the managerial point of view, it would be interesting to study a sustainable reverse logistics through the proposed model. We only considered the impacts of environmental factors on RL, while the final decision will be more exact if the economic and societal aspects of RL are also analyzed. In addition, to reflect the technical views of all the stakeholders in RL towards the best recovery option and also take into account their concerns, we suggest designing a group decision making model across the RL using the Fuzzy-MADM methods. (C) 2015 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB Due to the increasing global environmental consciousness and sustainability concerns, different industries that deal with Reverse Logistics (RL) are seeking methods to measure and analyze the impacts of their RL activities on the environment. However, making the greenest decision in the vague and complex area of RL makes this process somewhat difficult. Hence, to address these issues and provide a more meticulous and closer approach to the real world situations, a FUZZY-VIKOR method using interval-valued trapezoidal fuzzy numbers is proposed in the current research. As the further discussions explain, first, the significant factors in environmental sound practices together with the main processes and recovery options in RL are identified. Second, the influences of each green environmental factor on each RL recovery option are analyzed and ranked. To obtain concise results, the elicitation of experts is sought from among academicians and industry. The final results illustrate that, intriguingly, disposing of the returns has the lowest negative impact on the environment; thereby the best recovery option, while reselling of the returns was perceived as the worst recovery option. This research also suggests new directions for future research. From the managerial point of view, it would be interesting to study a sustainable reverse logistics through the proposed model. We only considered the impacts of environmental factors on RL, while the final decision will be more exact if the economic and societal aspects of RL are also analyzed. In addition, to reflect the technical views of all the stakeholders in RL towards the best recovery option and also take into account their concerns, we suggest designing a group decision making model across the RL using the Fuzzy-MADM methods. (C) 2015 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB We assess the antecedent link between lean and green practices and assess the combined impact of lean and green practices on both environmental and operational performance. A lean and green practices performance model is proposed that incorporates lean and green practices as antecedents to both environmental and operational performance. Structural equation modelling was used to analyse data collected from a sample of 182 manufacturing managers in U.S. plants. We found that lean manufacturing practices are positively associated with environmental performance and operational performance and that green supply chain management practices are positively associated with environmental performance and environmental performance is positively associated with operational performance. No support was found for the idea that green supply chain management practices are positively associated with operational performance. While lean practices were found to directly affect environmental performance, the indirect effect of lean practices on environmental performance through green practices is stronger, indicating complementarity."
"AB Originated in the Toyota Production System, the concept of lean production has become widely disseminated and broadly applied in the industry. When considering lean and six sigma principles in logistics, companies have obtained advantages in terms of cost and quality, which encouraged scientific researches for improvements in the topic. To study the current state of the art on Lean Logistics (LL) and Six Sigma Logistics (SSL), in the national and international level, a systematic review of lean and six sigma logistics were performed, aiming to evaluate theoretical and practical applications, in order to classify the current literature and propose studies to address research opportunities. For this purpose, a review protocol was created to guide and structure the review. As results, it was identified that Transportation has been the main logistic operational drive component in which LL has being applied. The most frequent type of waste considered was Motion and most of the studies were practical applications. Finally, this study found considerable research opportunities for future studies."
"AB The Capacitated Location-Routing Problem (CLRP) is a strategic-level problem involving the selection of one or many depots from a set of candidate locations and the planning of delivery routes from the selected depots to a set of customers. During the last few years, many logistics and operations research problems have been extended to include greenhouse effect issues and costs related to the environmental impact of industrial and transportation activities. In this paper a new mathematical model for the calculation of greenhouse gas emissions is developed and a new model for the CLRP considering fuel consumption minimization is proposed. This model, named Green CLRP (G-CLRP), is represented by a mixed integer linear problem, which is characterized by incorporating a set of new constraints focused on maintaining the problem connectivity requirements. The model proposed is formulated as a bi-objective problem, considering the minimization of operational costs and the minimization of environmental effects. A sensitivity analysis in instances of different sizes is done to show that the proposed objective functions are indeed conflicting goals. The proposed mathematical model is solved with the classical epsilon constraint technique. The results clearly show that the proposed model is able to generate a set of tradeoff solutions leading to interesting conclusions about the operational costs and the environmental impact. This set of solutions is useful in the decision process because several planning alternatives can be considered at strategic level. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB The inconsistency between motivation and environmental behavior has been a critical issue troubling many researchers. From the two-dimensional perspectives of motivation and behavior, this study proposes a theoretical model with three colors (four types) of travel behavior: green, red, forced grey, and susceptible grey travel behavior. Based on 1244 questionnaires, the multinomial logistic regression was used to evaluate the effects of different types of travel behaviors in terms of motivations, government measures, and demographic characteristics. The results indicate that the green environmental motivation is a necessary but not sufficient condition for ensuring stable green travel behavior. These motives of economics, convenience, and comfort would adjust, disturb, or even change residents' travel behaviors, resulting in the motivation-behavior gap. The theoretical model is reasonable and effective for distinguishing urban residents' multiple motivations and explaining the motivation-behavior gap. In addition, the effects of gender, age, income, vehicle ownership, travel distance, and government measures show significant differences among different types of travel behavior. This study provides some.countermeasure proposals targeted to specific colors of travel behavior to modify the motivation-kehavior gap and to encourage urban residents to travel in a green way."
"AB The CO2 emission of transportation is significantly reduced by the employment of green vehicles to the existing vehicle fleet of the organizations. This paper intends to optimize the composition of conventional and green vehicles for a logistics distribution problem operating under a carbon emission cap imposed by the government. The underlying problem involves product delivery by the vehicles starting from a single depot to geographically distributed customers. The delivery occurs within specified time windows. To solve the proposed problem, we design a hybrid metaheuristic solution based on ant colony optimization (ACO) and variable neighborhood search (VNS) algorithms. Extensive computational experiments have been performed on newly generated problem instances and benchmark problem instances adopted from the literature. The proposed hybrid ACO is proven to be superior to the state-of-the-art algorithms available in the literature. We obtain 21 new best-known solutions out of 56 benchmark instances of vehicle routing problem with time windows (VRPTW). The proposed mixed fleet model obtains the best composition of conventional and green vehicles with a 6.90% reduced amount of CO2 emissions compared to the case when the fleet consists of conventional vehicles only."
"AB At an early immature growth stage of citrus, a hyperspectral camera of 369-1042 nm was employed to acquire 30 hyperspectral images in order to detect immature green fruit within citrus trees under natural illumination conditions. First, successive projections algorithm (SPA) were implemented to select 677, 804, 563, 962, and 405 nm wavebands and to construct multispectral images from the original hyperspectral images for further processing. Then, histogram threshold segmentation using NDVI of 804 and 677 nm was implemented to remove image backgrounds. Three slope parameters, calculated from the pairs 405 and 563 nm, 563 and 677 nm, and 804 and 962 nm were used to construct a classifier to identify the potential citrus fruit. Then, a marker-controlled watershed segmentation based on wavelet transform was applied to obtain potential fruit areas. Finally, a green fruit detection model was constructed according to Grey Level Co-occurrence Matrix (GLCM) texture features of the independent areas. Three supervised classifiers, logistic regression, random forest and support vector machine (SVM) were developed using texture features. The detection accuracies were 79%, 75%, and 86% for the logistic regression, random forest, and SVM models, respectively. The developed algorithm showed a great potential for identifying immature green citrus for an early yield estimation."
"AB In the present era of the circular economy, sustainable service quality has become an order winning criteria for all logistics provider across the world. The selection of appropriate logistics service providers (LSPs) greatly influences the performance of supply chains in terms of sustainability indicators. Most of the previous studies have not considered sustainability measures in the evaluation of logistics service providers. Therefore, the uniqueness of this study is that we are proposing a framework for selecting the best logistics provider based on sustainable service quality. Total seventeen attributes related to sustainable service quality are finalized based on literature review and subsequent focused group discussions. Through a questionnaire-based survey, data from 150 customers of LSPs are collected. Data is analysed through factor analysis and seventeen attributes of sustainable service quality are categorized into five factors namely Commitment, Competence, Communication, Creativity & Customization, and Coordination and Collaboration. It is named as a 5C framework. This framework is further used to illustrate the selection of best LSP based on sustainable service quality. Listed attributes are evaluated through hybrid Fuzzy Analytic Hierarchy Process (AHP) and Fuzzy Technique for Order Preference by Similarity to Ideal Solution (TOPSIS) techniques. This decision-making framework is illustrated with the help of a real-life case study. Sensitivity analysis is also done to validate the robustness of the proposed framework. From this study, it has been observed that the development of competencies for the adoption of sustainable practices should be the thrust area for logistics service providers. Findings imply that the logistics providers should give more focus on sustainable network optimization, response time reduction, reliable green services, flexibility in green processes, and development of mutual trust with all stakeholders to become the first choice of their customers. Insights from the study will help LSPs to develop their strategies for ensuring sustainable service quality to customers."
"AB Due to the deterioration of the current environment and the shortage of resources, environmental industrial products need to adopt a comprehensive environmental management method from a systematic point of view. Green supply chain management is an important means to improve the efficiency of environmental management Aiming at the problems of low green degree, enlarged ecological pollution discharge and high economic input in the industrial product supply chain, this paper puts forward the construction and management strategy of the green supply chain of environmental industrial products, constructs the green supply chain of environmental industrial products, and studies the green supply chain management. Taking green procurement, green design, green production, green logistics, green sales, green consumption and green recycling as components, the structure of green supply chain is determined. Driven by cooperation mechanism and sharing mechanism, the green supply chain of environmental industrial products is constructed. In order to maximize the operation function of the green supply chain of environmental industrial products, this paper puts forward some specific management implementation strategies, such as integrating the green supply chain management system of environmental industrial products, actively cultivating the core green enterprises of the supply chain, and strengthening the cooperation relationship of the green supply chain. The empirical analysis results show that the comprehensive green degree of the proposed green supply chain and its management strategy is increased by 0.252, the pollution emission is reduced by 0.36, and the economic cost is reduced by 0.09, which is of great significance for enterprise production and environmental protection."
"AB Presently, the development of fresh agricultural products e-commerce is constrained by the cold chain logistics. There are shortcomings such as the incomplete comprehensive supporting system, lacking of logistics technology and low effective infrastructure in cold chain logistics. Scientific and optimal selection of distribution mode is crucial to the operation of fresh e-commerce and urban circulation efficiency. Owing to the problem that urban logistics distribution limits the cold chain logistics of fresh agricultural products, we propose the distribution mode and synergistic mechanism of cold chain logistics of urban fresh agricultural products. By leveraging the theory of logistics and supply chain management, we explore the high logistics cost of fresh e-commerce, inconsistent cold chain logistics standards, and poor consumer viscosity. We introduce the self-established logistics, third-party logistics, self-established logistics, third-party logistics and other three main logistics distribution modes. Due to the impact of cold chain logistics distribution on the existing urban transportation, an integrated mode of self-established logistics/third-party logistics + joint distribution is designed. In order to promote the collaborative development of cold chain logistics distribution and fresh electricity, it is significant to establish three collaborative mechanisms from the perspective of government, enterprises and third-party logistics According to the green logistics, the carbon tax cost and cargo damage cost in the process of cold chain logistics distribution are discovered by a graphical model. The graphical model is constructed under the optimization objective of minimizing each cost. In order to avoid the problem that basic artificial fish swarm algorithm is prone to local optimum, a global artificial fish swarm algorithm is designed and solved. Extensive experimental results have shown the usefulness and effectiveness of our proposed method. (C) 2021 Published by Elsevier B.V."
"AB The article describes the ways of industrial development in the era of transition from a linear model of the economy to a circular model, as well as new trends in the development of logistics. It shows the interconnection of processes in production systems, logistics and services, their role in ensuring sustainable green growth. It is shown that by closing the loop of product lifecycles, reverse logistics plays an important role to transitioning to a circular economy. The article presents an example of planning the supply of spare parts when organizing services in foreign markets. Planning is based on multidimensional analysis of failure and modeling data. For this purpose, an information system was developed. The found failure probabilities of units and parts were used to build a model of the reverse logistic chain, within which the parameters of the formation of a reverse flow, differentiated for various operating conditions and vehicle subsystems, were introduced for the first time."
"AB The cost-aware exploration on enhancing fault-tolerant becomes an important issue of service quality from cloud platform. To approach this goal with greener design, a novel server backup strategy is adopted with two types of standby server with warm standby and cold standby configurations. On such two-level standby scheme, cost elaboration has been explored in terms of deployment ratio between warm standbys and cold standbys. The cold standbys provide a greener power solution than those of conventional warm standbys. The optimal cost policy has been proposed to maintain regulated quality of service for the cloud customers. On qualitative study, a Petri net is developed and designed to visualize the whole system operational flow. On quantitative research for decision support, the theory of finite source queue is elaborated and relevant comprehensive mathematical analysis on cost pattern has been made in detail. Relevant simulations have been conducted to validate the proposed cost optimization model as well. On green contribution, the saving of power consumption has been estimated on the basis of switching warm standbys into cold standbys, which amounts for the reduction of CO2 emission. Hence the proposed approach indeed provides a feasibly standby architecture to meet cloud logistic economy with greener deployment. (C) 2017 Published by Elsevier B.V."
"AB Blockchain technology is an inchoate technology whose current popularity is peaking. Some of the most pervasive blockchain technology use cases exist for supply chains. Sustainable, and especially green, supply chains can benefit from blockchain technology, but there are also caveats. The sustainability and environmental management research and academic literature is only starting to investigate this emergent field. This paper seeks to help advance the discussion and motivate additional practice and research related to green supply chains and blockchain technology. This viewpoint paper provides insight into some of the main dimensions of blockchain technology, an overview of the use cases and issues, and some general research areas for further investigation."
"AB Purpose - The purpose of this paper is to assess the impact of competitive market environments on the firm's decision to adopt green supply chain management (GSCM) practices, while checking to see if the firm's commitment to particular types of GSCM practices improves its performance."
"AB We use grounded theory arguments and field data to support a model that links environmental government policies to customer actions and firm sustainability strategies. A firm's sustainability strategy in turn influences the design and deployment of green supply chain management strategies. Specifically, green design, product recovery and reverse logistics were found to be key facets of green supply chain management strategies. Our focus on the emerging economy of India and the unique insights of this qualitative Delphi study that relies on grounded theory makes key contributions to theory building and managerial practice in the area of sustainable supply chain management. (C) 2014 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB This paper aims to understand and analyze how different institutional pressures created by stakeholders tend to promote the green bullwhip effect and the consequent adoption of green supply chain management (GSCM) practices across a supply chain. It examines GSCM practices adopted in the supply chain as a result of pressures from primary stakeholders, and how they exert environmental/institutional pressures. A case study methodology has been adopted to study a focal company (an automotive battery company located in Brazil) and its stakeholders, including customers, its supplier, and the government. The results, synthesized through eight propositions, highlight the effect that the institutional environment exercises on generating the green bullwhip effect in the supply chain. (C) 2016 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB To support urban sustainable development, cities need innovative green logistics solutions to meet the needs of economic development. Crowdshipping is regarded as a promising sustainable freight solution. This article aims to assess the feasibility of implementing intercity express crowdshipping using private vehicle traveling. The crowdshipping carrier, who drives his or her private vehicle and travels on the intercity route, carries out the express delivery task between the regional cargo center and the dispatch center along the route. The feasibility assessment covers three parts. First, face-to-face interview and stated preference survey are used to investigate the willingness and preferences of express companies and car owners to participate in crowdshipping activities, respectively. Then, it calculates the environmental benefit and economic benefit brought by the crowdshipping mode in comparison with the traditional mode. The results show that the express companies are willing to pay 30 yuan for each car participating in the crowdshipping activities, and there are considerable numbers of car owners to support this crowdshipping activity, and this crowdshipping activity could bring positive impacts on environment as well as corporate economics. It is hoped that the research could enrich the knowledge of the development of green logistics."
"AB The necessity for sustainable development and to support eco-friendly products have manifold the government responsibility in directing green activities. This paper theoretically studies the moderating role of government in pricing and greening decisions of chain-to-chain competition in developing substitutable green products under government involvement in supporting green product distribution and/or recycling through assigning monetary tariffs to customers and practically adjusts a real-world case study of the Iranian motorcycle industry issues. We examine two competitive supply chains (SCs) consisting of one retailer and one manufacturer under two-way logistics, i.e. forward SC that distributes green products and backward SC that collects pollutant products from the market. In addition to maximizing the profit of each SC member and minimizing government expenditure, reductions in environmental pollution are also examined. This study examines the impact of government policies in equilibrium strategies through six scenarios, based on different government elective policies, and using Nash or Stackelberg game structures. A computational analysis of the case study reveals that under more constrained budget situations, the government should resist the urge to reduce recycling tariffs, compared with distribution tariffs. The greatest reduction in environmental pollution is achievable through: government financial support only for recycling with the lowest investment rejection behavior, following a Nash game, reducing greening costs, increasing tendencies towards environmental protection, and increasing the rate of recyclable products. The greatest profit for firms is obtainable through: government financial support of distribution and recycling logistics with the lowest tendency towards environmental protection, following a Nash game, reducing greening costs, reducing the investment rejection behavior of the government, and increasing the rate of recyclable products."
"AB Logistics centers have emerged as an important logistics infrastructure in supply chains. Hence, the problem of locating logistics centers plays a crucial role in designing and practicing logistics and supply chain management. Acknowledging the significance of logistics centers, Vietnam approved a master plan for the development of a logistics center system. However, the plan has been difficult to implementation because of the lack of the prioritization of the determinants used to locate logistics centers. This study aims to develop a benchmarking framework for choosing the locations of logistics centers based on the findings of logisticians by applying a hybrid of the fuzzy method and the technique for order of preference by similarity to ideal solution (TOPSIS), both of which are utilized extensively to overcome problems in selecting locations. The results indicate that freight demand, closeness to market, production area, customers, and transportation costs are regarded as the most important factors in deciding the location of logistics centers. In addition, among the three locations considered, the northeast provinces of Ho Chi Minh City were the best location for logistic centers, followed by North Hanoi and Da Nang city. The findings of this study make a significant contribution to both academic and practical aspects of locating logistic centers. Copyright (c) 2017 The Korean Association of Shipping and Logistics, Inc. Production and hosting by Elsevier B.V. This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license."
"AB This study investigates the role of eco-control systems in translating the proactive environmental strategies (PES) of third party logistics providers (TPLs) into economic and environmental performances using variance-based structural equation modelling, popularly known as PLS-SEM. Analysis of survey data from 232 French TPLs indicate that improved performance depends on the type of TPL organizational core that is mobilized by the PES. Indeed, while the PES of the operations function can improve both environmental and economic performances, the PES of the marketing function contributes only to improved economic performance. The results also reveal that eco-control systems play a prominent role in fostering TPL environmental performance while economic performance remains unchanged. In this regard, eco-control systems can help TPL managers deploy their strategic environmental intentions and achieve improved environmental performance by motivating and directing employees along environmental purposes, providing key information related to environmental activities, and prompting opportunity-seeking behaviors. Overall, the study answers recent calls for research on the green initiatives of TPLs and provides novel insights that can spur on further research."
"AB Toxicity testing in populations probes for responses in demographic variables to anthropogenic or natural chemical changes in the environment. Importantly, these tests are primarily performed on species in isolation of adjacent tropic levels in their ecosystem. The development and validation of coupled species models may aid in predicting adverse outcomes at the ecosystems level. Here, we aim to validate a model for the population dynamics of the green algae Raphidocelis subcapitata, a planktonic species that is often used as a primary food source in toxicity experiments for the fresh water crustacean Daphnia magna. We collected longitudinal data from three replicate population experiments of R. subcapitata. We used this data with statistical model comparison tests and uncertainty quantification techniques to compare the performance of four models: the Logistic model, the Bernoulli model, the Gompertz model, and a discretization of the Logistic model. Overall, our results suggest that the logistic model is the most accurate continuous model for R. subcapitata population growth. We then implement the numerical discretization showing how the continuous logistic model for algae can be coupled to a previously validated discrete-time population model for D. magna."
"AB Background: The frequent consumption of green tea has been shown to have antioxidant and anti-inflammatory effects and to reduce the risk of lung cancer and type 2 diabetes. However, few studies have investigated the relation between green tea consumption and the risk of chronic obstructive lung disease (COPD)."
"AB Urban green spaces hold great potential for promoting an active life style that allows urban residents to achieve important health benefits. The type of urban green space that is most effective to reach these goals is still unclear. In this study we used an online survey to investigate the ways in which young, urban residents in Beijing, China use urban green spaces for physical activities. We analyzed the factors that affect the residents' satisfaction levels when participating in physical activities in urban green spaces by using ordinal logistic regression. Responses from the 1062 survey participants indicated that low-intensity activities (e.g., walking, sightseeing) were the most common activities. The living context, quality of vegetation, and accessibility of urban green spaces had a significant effect on residents' satisfaction levels. For a compact city like Beijing, we recommended plans that focus on increasing the link among existing urban green spaces and improve the maintenance of residential green spaces in order to increase the use of urban green spaces for physical activities. (C) 2015 Elsevier GmbH. All rights reserved."
"AB Green buildings also known as green construction or sustainable building are environmentally responsible and resource-efficient throughout a building's life-cycle. Today the environmental issues and the concern for sustainability is encouraging more effective and efficient usage of energy, water and material currently used, ensure the prevention of any kind of waste, perform environmentally sensible and eco-friendly building design and be environmentally friendly in the process of construction. This requires close cooperation of the design team, the architects, the engineers, and the client at all project stages. Green Supply Chain Management (GSCM) reduces energy usage and waste, so it prevents any problem that will occur in human health and environment. Hospitals ensure a gapless sanitary care for the population in this network and they have a significant social, economic and environmental responsibility. In the last few years a new environmental trend in the field of bigger buildings occurred, green buildings. The aim of this paper is to explore the social-benefit reflections by combining GSCM and green hospital design, based on the literature review and EU directives for Turkey, to build and propose a model regarding Green Hospital operations using GSCM and reverse logistics."
"AB A color image encryption scheme is proposed based on Yang-Gu mixture amplitude-phase retrieval algorithm and two-coupled logistic map in gyrator transform domain. First, the color plaintext image is decomposed into red, green and blue components, which are scrambled individually by three random sequences generated by using the two-dimensional Sine logistic modulation map. Second, each scrambled component is encrypted into a real-valued function with stationary white noise distribution in the iterative amplitude-phase retrieval process in the gyrator transform domain, and then three obtained functions are considered as red, green and blue channels to form the color ciphertext image. Obviously, the ciphertext image is real-valued function and more convenient for storing and transmitting. In the encryption and decryption processes, the chaotic random phase mask generated based on logistic map is employed as the phase key, which means that only the initial values are used as private key and the cryptosystem has high convenience on key management. Meanwhile, the security of the cryptosystem is enhanced greatly because of high sensitivity of the private keys. Simulation results are presented to prove the security and robustness of the proposed scheme. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB The Eurasian logistics corridor is as important transportation hub delivering goods and services to countries along the belt and road. While greatly promoting the economic and social development of countries in the region, the corridor also presents enormous energy consumption and CO2 emission challenges. In order to assess these demands, our study combines the Tapio decoupling model and the logarithmic mean divisia index (LMDI) to analyze the relationship between transportation sector development and CO2 emissions. Our study shows that transportation-intensity effect is the main driving force behind CO2 emission reductions in developed countries, while the energy-intensity effect is key to reducing transportation CO2 emissions in developing countries. Moreover, we demonstrated that carbonand transportation-intensity effects inhibit transportation CO2 emissions, while the factors of economic structure and population size help to increase transportation CO2 emission levels. Finally, our research provides an important reference for economies seeking to develop greener transportation sectors."
"AB Due to strategic motivations and pressures from various stakeholders, firms are adopting green supply chain management (GSCM) practices to extend environmental sustainability objectives to suppliers. Although it seems that an increasing number of firms is seeing environmental sustainability as a source of competitive advantage, there is a large gap of research focusing explicitly on the connection between competitive strategy and GSCM. It is also necessary to examine GSCM practices in several operational contexts. This article refines the competitive strategy approach and examines external GSCM strategies along the tiers of supply chain from the perspective of logistics users and providers using a dataset of 128 manufacturing, 110 trading and 144 logistics firms operating in Finland. The results reveal a connection between competitive strategy and GSCM strategy. Marketing differentiators and firms pursuing hybrid strategies tend to use more advanced GSCM strategies to manage the environmental performance of their suppliers. For them, GSCM seems to be a way to differentiate products and services, and to minimise the risk of potential losses resulting from poor environmental performance by suppliers. The results highlight the need to understand the role of competitive strategy in GSCM adoption, both in academia and in business. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Over the past 30years, there have been growing concerns on the environmental impacts of maritime transportation, which have attracted great attention from both academia and practitioners. Understanding developments in this area can help guide future research. We conducted a comprehensive review of green shipping research, comprising 213 papers published in transportation journals in SSCI of 2017 over the period 1988-2017. We find that research on green shipping has increased greatly since 2012, accounting for 77.5% of the reviewed papers. The main focus today on green shipping was on air pollution, and the classification of green shipping practice, such as technical measures, operational options, market-based measures, and recycling and reusing, is becoming clear. According to the existing studies, future research on green shipping must strengthen technology research to not only solve practical problems, but also to establish a theoretical green shipping system. Moreover, researchers from different countries could cooperate with each other to give effective suggestions on setting standards and laws of green shipping. Finally, we identify the future research themes will focus on setting up green shipping system and legislation and policy."
"AB Integration of reverse logistics processes into supply chain network design can help to achieve a network that incorporates environmental factors as well as economic factors. In this study, a new integrated approach is proposed to address designing a multi-product, multi-period supply chain network with reverse logistics. The framework of the proposed approach includes green supplier evaluation and a mathematical model in an uncertain environment. To the best of our knowledge, integration of green supplier evaluation into the designing supply chain network with reverse logistics has not been considered in the literature. This integration can help to incorporate experts' opinions about environmental impact of suppliers in the network design. Minimization of total cost and maximization of total greenness score of purchased raw materials/components are two objectives of the model. The fuzzy EDAS method is used to determine the greenness scores of suppliers. Also, demand of customers and capacity of suppliers are defined using fuzzy numbers and a fuzzy method is used to obtain trade-off solutions. The proposed approach is applied to designing the supply chain network of a home appliance company. The results show that the proposed approach is feasible and efficient to obtain solutions to design the supply chain network."
"AB Recycling plastic can abate the environmental pollution as well as CO2 emissions by saving the carbon-intensive feedstock input. The uncertain carbon price places significant effects on the establishment and operation of the whole supply chain. This study develops a green supply chain model combined with geographic information system (GIS) to account for carbon price uncertainty and evaluate its effects on the closed-loop supply chain (CLSC) of plastic recycling. A two-stage stochastic programming model is constructed, in which the stochastic variable, CO2 price is modelled as a geometric Brownian motion process. Six scenarios are designed with respect to price expectation and volatility. A case study is performed with the GIS information of the plastic supply chain in Zhejiang province, China. The results illustrate that triggering the establishment of reverse logistics requires a carbon price threshold significantly beyond the current level. Lower price volatility would facilitate the decision-making of investment into the reverse logistics. Mechanisms to alleviate the market variation shall be introduced. A sound market condition is desired to obtain the optimal balance that encourages the CLSC without creating extra pressure on the firms. The proposed modelling framework can be easily applied to other sectors with similar characteristics."
"AB Serious environmental issues have drawn the attention of the agricultural sector. Consumers' concerns about their personal health and food safety have stimulated the demand for green agri-food, which has also made it important to focus on the green agri-food supply chain to improve the food quality and reduce the associated environmental concerns. This paper discusses coordination issues of the green agri-food supply chain under the background of farmers' green farming and retailers' green marketing, and the impact of a revenue-sharing contract on key decisions of supply chain participants. On the basis of the two-echelon green agri-food supply chain composed of a farmer and a retailer, a revenue-sharing contract was established that takes the cost of farmer's green farming and retailer's green marketing into account. Through the comparison of the model results, it is concluded that the revenue-sharing contract is beneficial to not only increase the greening level, but also improve both the farmer's profit and the retailer's profit. Moreover, the effectiveness of the revenue-sharing contract is positively correlated with consumers' sensitivity to the greening level. Finally, the conclusion is verified by numerical simulation and some management suggestions are given."
"AB Firms have recently discovered that it is not enough to optimize internal processes and relationships with partners along the value chain to create a sustainable competitive market position. A clear customer orientation, which acknowledges that consumer buying behavior is complex and includes many elements implied in the value chain, is required. As companies offering green products are no exception to this rule, this study analyzes consumer behavior in Europe from a reserve green supply chain management perspective, using descriptive analyses and a structural equation model, with data collected by Flash Barometer comprising 26,573 responses from 28 European countries. The results suggest that European consumers are conscious of the green concept, but are not willing to buy or pay more for these products since the value is unclear. Companies offering green products must therefore rethink their strategies, especially in terms of value proposition, communication strategies, and eco-labeling. (C) 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved."
"AB The closed-loop supply chain considers conceptually the possibility of reverse logistics with the use of recycling, remanufacturing and disposal centers. This study contributes for the first time a green closed-loop supply chain framework for the ventilators, which are highly important in the case of the COVID-19 pandemic. The proposed model simulates a case study of Iranian medical ventilator production. The proposed model includes environmental sustainability to limit the carbon emissions as a constraint. A novel stochastic optimization model with strategic and tactical decision making is presented for this closed-loop supply chain network design problem. To make the proposed ventilator logistics network design more realistic, most of the parameters are considered to be uncertain, along with the normal probability distribution. Finally, to show the managerial dimensions under the COVID-19 pandemic for our proposed model, some sensitivity analyses are performed. Results confirm the high impact of carbon emissions and demand variations on the optimal solution in the case of COVID-19."
"AB The role of sustainability has made it a vital point to measure companies' financial performances and sustainability practices along the overall supply chain. Logistics service providers (LSPs) are among the supply chain actors that need to consider sustainability practices to present a better sustainable service. Therefore, we studied LSPs in Egypt, as Egypt has set sustainability goals in the logistics sector to be achieved by 2030. This research proposes a new sustainable logistics service quality (SLSQ) scale through reviewing the literature on sustainable service quality (SSQ) and logistics service quality (LSQ). While additional semi-structured interviews were conducted with LSP companies in Egypt to formulate the SLSQ scale for this specific region, the Q-sorting technique was used to confirm SLSQ measurements. Hence, we present a scale to evaluate Egypt's overall LSPs' service quality. Our research thereby contributes to the theory by proposing a new framework that measures the SLSQ in LSP companies in emerging countries and to the practice by tying the framework to accompany Egyptian law. The results are discussed against previous literature and concluded by showing limitations and potential future research avenues."
"AB This Data in Brief article is for Study 2 in the manuscript # JEVP-2018-140 (""The Impact of Moral Identity on Consumers' Green Consumption Tendency: The Role of Perceived Responsibility for Environmental Damage""). It examines the effect of moral identity on green consumption tendency. The data was collected using online experiment. Participants were randomly assigned to moral-identity-activated condition and moral-identity-not-activated condition. The choice of eco-friendly product relative to conventional counterpart was measured. 162 Americans took part in the experiment. Data was analyzed employing SPSS. Logistic regression analysis was used as statistical tool of analysis. Published by Elsevier Inc."
"AB The purpose of this paper is to provide insight into how companies work during packaging development to reduce negative environmental impact along supply chains, and to compare their practical approaches with the theoretical concepts presented in the literature. The research approach is explorative and based on nine cases in the food and manufacturing industries in Sweden. Data were collected from the managerial perspectives of the packaging manager, the logistics manager and the environmental manager. The findings indicate that companies commonly apply a variety of green packaging approaches with a focus on approaches with clear economic benefits. Moreover, companies seem to lack guidance on how to handle trade-offs and are unable to fully utilize the theoretical environmental benefits of green packaging approaches because of internal and external barriers. The paper presents five propositions regarding to what extent the theoretical green packaging concepts are applied in practice. To address the gap between theory and practice companies should: develop packaging solutions that contribute to a reduction of environmental impact from the consumer phase (for example through improved apportionment, user-friendly and informative packaging); use local packaging adaptation as a strategy to address geographically varying transport, handling and waste management conditions; replace brand recognition through packaging size and shape with graphic design, high-quality materials and printing. The results confirm that internal and external collaborations are important requirements for successful green packaging development. Copyright (c) 2015 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd."
"AB The paper herein presents green p-median problem (G MP) which uses the adaptive type-2 neural network for the processing of environmental and sociological parameters including costs oflogistics operators and demonstrates the influence of these parameters on planning the location for the city logistics terminal (CLT) within the discrete network. CU shows direct effects on increment of traffic volume especially in urban areas, which further results in negative environmental effects such as air pollution and noise as well as increased number of urban populations suffering from bronchitis, asthma, and similar respiratory infections. By applying the green p-median model (GMM), negative effects on environment and health in urban areas caused by delivery vehicles may he reduced to minimum. This model creates real possibilities for making the proper investment decisions so as profitable investments may be realized in the field of transport infrastructure. The paper herein also includes testing of GMM in real conditions on four CLT locations in Belgrade City zone."
"AB Maritime transport logistics outgrows the competence of classic freight forwarders deleting the boundaries among forwarders, brokers, and carriers and creates a new profession, logistics operator. They are now faced with the need for careful planning and coordination among multiple parties for shifting the freight logistics industry towards more sustainable goals. Significant need for political and operational respect of principles of sustainable development, and also external costs in this context, undertakes logistics operators to review their solutions in accordance with adequate knowledge, skills, and competencies. It is particularly important in forecasting the external costs which are not a central business interest. The above mentioned competencies are described focusing on subjects (issues and knowledges) through whom logistics operators should be trained. Moreover, logistics operators have a greater responsibility towards carriers but also an opportunity to reduce not only the cost of transportation but also the external costs within the logistic supply chain. In this paper calculation of external costs is, practically, shown in the example of towing in the port. The old education programs were compared with the new demands of the market. The substantial difference was evident in the subject of Marine Ecology whose content is becoming the central issue of sustainability of transport modalities. New competencies of logistics operators will become the relevant factor of sustainable development and competitiveness on the freight logistics market. That confirm the analysed current projects about present trends in the transport sector in which the green logistics including external costs become the important and binding element of cargo flow planning."
"AB The objective of the study is to examine the long-run and causal relationship between environmental logistics performance indicators (ELPI) and growth-specific factors in a panel of 15 selected global ranked logistics countries over a period of 2007-2015. This study is exclusive as we utilized a number of LPI factors including logistics performance, logistics competence, and logistics infrastructure with mediation of sustainable factors, i.e., carbon dioxide (CO2), fossil fuel, and greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions in a region. The results show that the per capita income, industry, manufacturing, and service share to GDP is affected by CO2 emissions and GHG emissions. Logistics competence and infrastructure promote economic growth and sectoral value added, while energy demand and FDI inflows both are prerequisite for sustainable agriculture in a region. The causal relationships confirm that more energy demand results in an increase in economic growth, industry value added, and the service sector (i.e., feedback hypothesis), while the sustainable supply chain system improves energy demand, FDI inflows, economic growth, and sectoral growth (i.e., conservation hypothesis) in a panel of countries."
"AB The objective of this study is to empirically analyze and model the stop-go decision behavior of drivers at rural high-speed intersections in China, where a flashing green signal of 3 s followed by a yellow signal of 3 s is commonly applied to end a green phase. 1, 186 high-resolution vehicle trajectories were collected at four typical high-speed intersection approaches in Shanghai and used for the identification of actual stop-go decision zones and the modeling of stop-go decision behavior. Results indicate that the presence of flashing green significantly changed the theoretical decision zones based on the conventional Dilemma Zone theory. The actual stop-go decision zones at the study intersections were thus formulated and identified based on the empirical data. Binary Logistic model and Fuzzy Logic model were then developed to further explore the impacts of flashing green on the stop-go behavior of drivers. It was found that the Fuzzy Logic model could produce comparably good estimation results as compared to the traditional Binary Logistic models. The findings of this study could contribute the development of effective dilemma zone protection strategies, the improvement of stop-go decision model embedded in the microscopic traffic simulation software and the proper design of signal change and clearance intervals at high-speed intersections in China. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Green supply chain management (GSCM), a cross-disciplinary field has grown during recent years with increasing interest from both academia and industry. GSCM considers emphasizing environmental issues in Traditional Supply Chain Management (TSCM). Due to the new trends in global warming, environmental sustainability has become a greater concern among the organizations and enterprises globally. This study will focus on green supply chain management practices in the presence of green innovation. Green innovation will improve organizational processes as well as products, which lead to economic and environmental performance. Different institutional actors are putting pressures to implement Green supply chain management practices. Population of this study is electronics industry in Pakistan. Sample size is 500 with cluster sampling technique. Data has been collected through a survey method based on the adopted questionnaire. The collected data will be tested through Cronbach Alpha, Descriptive Statistics, Pearson Correlation, Linear Regression, Moderated Regression, Multiple Logistic Regression and Hayes's statistical tests to analyse the suggested research model. This study will enable organizations to implement green supply chain management practices to bear institutional pressure and move towards green innovation to enhance their economic and environmental performance that were never possible before this study."
"AB Background: Exposure to green space has been associated with increased physical activity. However, it is not clear whether this association is because active people preferentially live in greener areas. Relationships between exposure to green space and physical activity during pregnancy are not well defined. Our objective was to determine whether exposure to green space was associated with physical activity in pregnant women. Methods: The current study was completed within the Growing Up in New Zealand cohort study of 6772 pregnant women. The proportion of green space in each census area unit was determined and geocoded to residential address. The association between exposure to green space and physical activity was determined using logistic regression analyses after controlling for confounding variables. Results: Exposure to green space was not associated with participation in physical activity during first trimester and the remainder of pregnancy once preference for living in greener neighborhoods was taken into account. Conclusions: The lack of association between green space and physical activity found in this study does not necessarily mean that living in green space will not translate into better pregnancy health. Preference for living in greener neighborhoods should be considered when investigating relationships between green space and physical activity."
"AB In recent years, both researches and practitioners have devoted attention to environmental sustainability of supply chain (SC), while firms have modified their marketing strategies highlighting green practices in productive and logistic processes among the features of their products. These behaviours move firms to require to their suppliers the adoption of green measures and practices to reduce environmental impacts within the entire SC. This paper presents the results on an exploratory case-based research on the SC of fresh chestnuts aimed to integrate environmental concepts in the value chain approach, with a concurrent evaluation of sustainability improvements and their economic impact. Within the value chain configuration, environmental KPIs are defined for the specific case study and a logistic environmental model is developed. Within the model, an evaluation of carbon footprint for this SC is proposed, along with its possible improvements. Results include the analysis of different improvement scenarios and their comparison."
"AB In this study we examine the role of environmental sustainability in transport operations in Shipper Logistics Service Provider (LSP) relationships from the LSP perspective. The research questions posed are as follows: What kinds of firm see environmental sustainability as a component of competitive advantage, and why? How does environmental sustainability manifest itself in firm operations, and why? What pressures are there for environmentally sustainable development, and why? What is the role of environmental sustainability in the selection of LSPs, and why? Data was collected from Finland, using an exceptional combination involving both quantitative and qualitative methods in a survey (600 responses) and in firm interviews (15 LSPs). The findings indicate that large, globally-operating shippers and carriers are the most interested in environmental issues, partly because of external pressures and partly because they see the greening of transport as a potential source of competitive advantage. However, due to the lack of widely accepted methods for measuring the environmental impact of transports, companies cannot easily share the costs and benefits of environmental initiatives between supply chain members nor use such initiatives as marketing arguments to differentiate their offerings. Therefore, environmental sustainability acts in practice more as an order qualifier than as an order winner in the carrier selection process. Despite this, it seems that environmentally proactive LSPs financially outperform their less active peers. We therefore conclude that environmental sustainability can be free, if it is integrated with operational performance and cost indicators that boost competitive advantage. Our study contributes to the intersection of GSCM and logistics, particularly from the LSP point of view. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB The vehicle routing problem (VRP) is one of the most important problem with many real world application in transportation and logistics area. Presently carbon dioxide emission is one of the major concerns for the researchers. Green vehicle routing problem (GVRP) is the extension of the vehicle routing problem. In GVRP we consider the minimum distance travelled by each vehicle from depot to distribution center as well as the total emitted carbon dioxide by the vehicle. In this paper, we consider the distance based approach to calculate the carbon dioxide emission. In addition, the truck load is considered as a factor for the carbon dioxide emission. We generate the different cluster for each city visited by different trucks and apply block recombination approach to solve the GVRP benchmark problem where each cluster represents as a block. To avoid the bias, we compare the experimental results with other well know evolutionary algorithms. Computational results show that the proposed methodology is very competitive and has the promising future. (C) 2014 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
AB Purpose - This paper aims to analyze the interaction among the major variables of reverse logistics seen in automobile industries.
"AB The contradiction between the contribution of city logistics (CL) to sustainable urban development and its negative externalities is increasingly prominent. Policy supervision measures and the green logistics initiative are also in conflict with the management goal of logistics enterprises. Innovative solutions for CL have attracted increasing research attention worldwide. However, the description of the global research network in the field of CL, research trends, and the discussion of advanced theories and practices have not been systematically reviewed so far. Especially in the past three years, there has been an explosive growth of relevant literature. In this paper, the method of combining scientometric analysis and thematic discussion was adopted to systematically review 513 important works in the literature from 1993 to 2018, aiming to provide a holistic understanding of the status in quo, trends and gaps of CL research, and to further analyze prominent problems. The study has made statistical analyses of the publication year profile, journal allocation and research methods of the included literature, and constructed four kinds of visualized bibliographic information timeline maps for the authorship network, international collaboration network, keywords co-occurrence network and research topic clustering. Then, the three themes summarized by clustering are discussed, mainly focusing on CL strategies and policy, green supply chain management, planning methods, and advanced concepts and practices. Finally, the research gaps framework and agenda were reported. This study contributes to summarizing the research and development of city logistics on the whole, and can also serve as an explorative manual to support sustainable urban freight activities and innovative research."
"AB There is growing environmental psychology and behavior literature with mixed empirical evidence about the influence of public risk perceptions on the adoption of environmentally friendly ""green behaviors"". Adoption of stormwater green infrastructure on residential properties, while costlier in the short term compared to conventional greywater infrastructure, plays an important role in the reduction of nutrient loading from non-point sources into freshwater rivers and lakes. In this study, we use Bayesian Belief Networks (BBNs) to analyze a 2015 survey dataset (sample size = 472 respondents) about the adoption of green infrastructure (GSI) in Vermont's residential areas, most of which are located in either the Lake Champlain Basin or Connecticut River Basin. Eight categories of GSI were investigated: roof diversion, permeable pavement, infiltration trenches, green roofs, rain gardens, constructed wetlands, tree boxes, and others. Using both unsupervised and supervised machine learning algorithms, we used Bayesian Belief Networks to quantify the influence of public risk perceptions on GSI adoption while accounting for a range of demographic and spatial variables. We also compare the effectiveness of the Bayesian Belief Network approach and logistic regression in predicting the pro-environmental behaviors (adoption of GSI). The results show that influencing factors for current adoption differ by the type of GSI. Increased perception of risk from stormwater issues is associated with the adoption of rain gardens and infiltration trenches. Runoff issues are more likely to be considered the governments' (town, state, and federal agencies) responsibility, whereas lawn erosion is more likely to be considered the residents' responsibility. When using the same set of variables to predict pro-environmental behaviors (adoption of GSI), the BBN approach produces more accurate predictions compared to logistic regression. The results provide insights for further research on how to encourage residents to take measures for mitigating stormwater issues and stormwater management."
"AB With the growing popularity of worldwide environmental protection and the concept of sustainable development, eco-friendliness has become the trend of the times. In this regard, green packaging has received increasing attention in the logistics industry. Therefore, to promote the development of green packaging in China, it is of key importance to know consumers' cognition and willingness to pay for it. In this study, the data of 781 respondents from a carefully designed survey is used to analyze the influential factors of consumers' willingness to pay for green packaging. By employing the principal factor analysis method, four principal factors affecting consumers' willingness to pay are uncovered: environment, green packaging quality, commodity, and packaging price. According to the estimation results, even though the majority of consumers have insufficient certain knowledge regarding green packaging, they have a fairly strong willingness to pay for it. Additionally, we observed that compared with the price and appearance of green packaging, consumers would like to attach greater importance to the practicality of green packaging, such as convenience, reusability, and protective capability."
"AB Purpose Confronting globalization, logistics systems need to achieve greater efficiency in processes to be competitive. Competitiveness is not related only to economic aspects; companies need to perform their activities aligned to the triple bottom line concept. In this context, the main objective of this research is to analyze how Brazilian professionals think about sustainable logistics through an exploratory study. Design/methodology/approach A set of 33 indicators, compiled from a literature review, was used to develop a research instrument applied in a survey of 50 professionals working with logistics processes in Brazilian companies. First, the Cronbach's alpha was run to verify the questionnaire reliability. Respondents were grouped through cluster hierarchical analysis, and their answers were analyzed through TOPSIS technique. Findings The results from the sample analysis showed that Brazilian professionals think in the three dimensions of TBL when considering sustainable logistics systems; however, social aspects are relegated to a second level of importance when compared with environmental and economic indicators. In addition, it is possible to highlight that most important environmental aspects are directly related to economic objectives. Originality/value There are few studies examining sustainable logistics system in Brazilian companies that consider the purpose mentioned by evidencing originality in the same way as this current study. The results presented here can contribute to amplifying debates in the theme."
"AB The evaluation and selection of cold chain logistics distribution centers are of vital importance for third-party logistics companies which want to build green cold chain logistics networks. To select distribution centers, the conflicts among multiple criteria should be considered. The combined compromise solutions (CoCoSo) method can help enterprises make a structural decision; however, in the original CoCoSo method, the evaluation information was expressed by crisp numbers. Nevertheless, in many cases, because of the imprecision and incompleteness of information, it may be more flexible for evaluators to provide imprecise and fuzzy values rather than crisp numbers. In addition, the judgment values are often expressed based on decision-makers' psychological expectations. The evaluation criteria of alternatives have relevance to some extent, which would influence the evaluation results. Based on these concerns, this study presents a modified CoCoSo method in the Pythagorean fuzzy environment in which evaluators can express psychological expectations on alternatives. To achieve this goal, the cumulative prospect theory is introduced to obtain the Pythagorean fuzzy prospect weights. Then, an objective weight determination method of criteria under the Pythagorean fuzzy environment is proposed to eliminate the influence of homogeneity of criteria. Based on the Pythagorean fuzzy prospect weights and the combined weights, the original CoCoSo method is extended to the Pythagorean fuzzy environment. A case of selection logistics distribution center is investigated to demonstrate the practicality of the proposed method. The advantages of the proposed method are verified by comparative analysis."
AB Purpose - The purpose of this paper is to examine guests' experiences at green hotels and the impact of green experience on customer satisfaction.
"AB Recent years have witnessed continuous rise in adopting green innovations which is considered as an important organizational instrument to achieve profits by reducing environmental deterioration. However, green innovation in developing countries, especially in Pakistan, is surprisingly scant as compared to developed countries. This paper empirically investigated obstacles to green innovations in Pakistani manufacturing firms. Specifically, a novel three phase methodological framework was applied to investigate significant barriers and filtration by integrating Delphi method (DM), interpretive structural modeling (ISM), and cross-impact matrix multiplication applied to classification (MICMAC). Our results highlighted that lack of enforceable laws regarding returned goods and recycled products, lack of rules and regulations for green practices, and lack of collaboration with government and environmental institutions are most critical barriers. However, fear of failure about green innovation is least important barriers to green innovations adoption. This study offers interesting clues to promote green innovation in manufacturing industry."
"AB This article proposes a mathematical model for integrating terminal operation strategies with shipment scheduling. We are motivated by findings from the literature on the integrated design of logistic systems. The objective of this research is to efficiently utilize the existing hub terminals and transport network by considering the minimization of costs related to terminal congestion, transport, and carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions. Cooperative behaviors of terminal managers and fleet assignment managers are modeled in a bi-level problem framework. The total cost includes a processing cost and transport cost, and CO2 related to the assigned fleets. We introduce a terminal cost function to capture the relationship between unit processing cost with respect to hub delay, which allows us to find the minimum cost path and efficiently distribute shipments to hub terminals. The case study shows that the collaborative logistics outperforms a single routing strategy and capacity expansions in minimization of both total cost and CO2 emissions."
"AB The aim of the study was to evaluate the influence of dietary and demographic factors and some habits on the prevalence of Helicobacter pylori infection in 150 dyspeptic patients examined endoscopically and by the urea breath test. Positivity rate was lower (50.6%) in patients consuming honey >= 1 day weekly compared with the remainder (70.8%) and in those consuming green/black tea >= 1 day weekly (45.2%) compared with the other patients (64.8%). Logistic regression confirmed that the factors associated with significantly lower Helicobacter pylori positivity rate were the consumption of honey (odds ratio [OR] 0.38; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.19-0.78) and green/black tea (OR. 0.45:95% CI, 0.21-0.95). In conclusion, honey and green/black tea intake is associated with reduced prevalence of Helicobacter pylori infection. (C) 2015 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved."
"AB Objective: We describe the socio-demographic, occupational, and health characteristics of ""green collar'' workers, a vital and emerging workforce in energy-efficiency and sustainability. Methods: We linked data from the 2004 to 2012 National Health Interview Surveys (NHIS) and US Occupational Information Network (O*NET). Descriptive and logistic regression analyses were conducted using green collar worker status as the outcome (n = 143,346). Results: Green collar workers are more likely than non-green workers to be men, age 25 to 64 years, obese, and with less than or equal to high school (HS) education. They are less likely to be racial/ethnic minorities and employed in small companies or government jobs. Conclusions: Green collar workers have a distinct socio-demographic and occupational profile, and this workforce deserves active surveillance to protect its workers' safety. The NHIS-O*NET linkage represents a valuable resource to further identify the unique exposures and characteristics of this occupational sector."
"AB The aim of this paper is to investigate the relationship between drivers of green maritime supply chain management and dimensions of maritime green supply chain management (MGSCM) practices. The theoretical model was developed from institutional theory to explore the drivers of MGSCM based on the Malaysian maritime sector. The online survey was used to collect the data. The sample was unit businesses that are involved in the green maritime supply chain. From 144 usable questionnaires, the findings found that green initiative, regulation and securities had partially significant relationships with the five dimensions of MGSCM. This study contributes to maritime transport literature by filling a gap with respect to survey-based research evidence of a theoretical model of MGSCM."
"AB This paper argues both small and large firms use different resource allocation patterns to benefit from implementing environmental management practices (EMPs) and environmental management systems (EMS). Results from the multi-group structural equation analyses of a survey of manufacturing firms in two countries support the resource allocation arguments - large firms use resource-demanding EMPs such as green product design and green production to improve outcomes in environmental, cost-reduction and business performance, while small firms choose resource-light EMPs such as green logistics and green packaging to gain only environmental and cost-reduction benefits. The paper advances the existing resource-advantage view by revealing different resource allocation patterns and provides meaningful recommendations through which policy makers can address various resource allocation constraints among small and large enterprises."
"AB Individual perceptions are essential when evaluating the well-being benefits from urban green spaces. This study predicted the influence of perceived green space characteristics in the city of Szeged, Hungary, on two well-being variables: the green space visitors' level of satisfaction and the self-reported quality of life. The applied logistic regression analysis used nine predictors: seven perceived green space characteristics from a questionnaire survey among visitors of five urban green spaces of Szeged; and the frequency of green space visitors' crowd-sourced recreational running paths and photographs picturing green space aesthetics. Results revealed that perceived green space characteristics with direct well-being benefits were strong predictors of both dependent variables. Perceived green space characteristics with indirect, yet fundamental, well-being benefits, namely, regulating ecosystem services had minor influence on the dependent variables. The crowd-sourced geo-tagged data predicted only the perceived quality of life contributions; but revealed spatial patterns of recreational green space use and aesthetics. This study recommends that regulating ecosystem services should be planned with a focus on residents' aesthetic and recreational needs. Further research on the combination of green space visitors' perceptions and crowd-sourced geo-tagged data is suggested to promote planning for well-being and health benefits of urban green spaces."
"AB A Collaborative logistics network is a new service style that is oriented from a platform economy and that aims at a win-win of network participants and higher customer satisfaction. As a new business mode in supply chain management, this network style can attract all kinds of logistics entities, schedule various resources distributed in space-time and provide efficient customised services for customers. In the current paper, we first employ the 5W1H method to introduce collaborative logistics networks from a theoretical perspective. First, we construct an analysis system consisting of three parts: market positioning, operation mechanism and profit model. Furthermore, we give the canvas of this business mode, including a service list, core stakeholders, application scenario, operation mode and profit allocation. Finally, we introduce some typical cases operated in the USA, EU and China, discussing the application prospect in green supply chain management."
"AB In recent days, both collaboration and sustainability have become an integral part of many global supply chains to achieve business excellence. Although previous literature and actual practices confirmed the successful implementation of sustainability practices through supply chain collaborations, it is not clear how collaborating partners can support financial and environmental performance, and hence strengthen the partnership performance in the global supply chains. To address this practice-based research question, we test the theoretical underpinning of suppliers and logistics partners in relation to required skills selection. We capture the depth of interdependencies in collaborations for routine operations and sustainability, through empirical evidence. We used case study observations from three global companies to develop a conceptual model and also conducted a questionnaire survey to test the conceptual model. The results of case analysis confirmed two dimensions of collaborations that could strengthen relationship; namely, partners' selection and sustainability team formation. Data analysis strongly support business collaborations having careful choice of supply chain partners and logistics operators who are ready to maintain green operations with transparent information sharing. Results of this study also inform managers about the importance of commitment from collaborating partners to achieve sustainability in their global supply chains. It is clear from the results that both the business and financial performances will be strengthened by environmental positioning (green objectives) of the companies."
"AB Third-party logistic provider (3PLP) companies play a major role in supply chain management (SCM) by carrying out specialized functions-namely, integrated operation, warehousing, and transportation services. Taking sustainability issues into consideration makes reverse logistics even more significant. In this paper, a combination of sustainability and risk factors was considered for third-party reverse logistic provider (3PRLP) evaluation. Initially, fuzzy step-wise weight assessment ratio analysis (Fuzzy SWARA) was applied for weighing the evaluation criteria; then, Fuzzy multi-objective optimization on the basis of ratio analysis (Fuzzy MOORA) was utilized for ranking the sustainable third-party reverse logistic providers in the plastic industry in the second step. Findings highlight that quality, recycling, health, and safety were the most important criteria in economic, environmental, and social dimensions of sustainability, respectively. Also, operational risk was found to have the highest weight among risk factors."
"AB With the increasingly serious problems of environmental impact and excessive consumption of production resources brought about by industrial development, enterprises pay more and more attention to the green manufacturing of industry. In the existing green manufacturing standard system, it clearly covers all elements, layers, activities and functions of green manufacturing. However, it does not refine the specific contents of green manufacturing model and framework in different industrial areas. The research in this paper can fill this gap. This paper aims to provide a general model and overall framework of green manufacturing for industrial enterprises. In this way, according to the needs and conditions, enterprises can construct and formulate a clear plan for the implementation of green manufacturing that conforms to their actual situation of enterprises. By these, it can ultimately enhance the improvement ratio of comprehensive green rate for enterprises. In this paper, a general reference model for green manufacturing based on IIPG (Industrial Implementation for Product life cycle based on Green index system) modular is proposed. Then, in the form of a case, three enterprises in three key industrial fields are selected to customize and validate the model. Integrating with intelligence technologies, such as artificial intelligence and industrial cloud, this model can be improved by the higher data processing efficiency and computing speed in green index systems, which is the follow-up work. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB PurposeAlthough green manure rotation is often used to promote soil fertility and crop yield, the effects of this management practice on the nitrogen or phosphorus balance and the relationship between nutrient balance and the increase in soil nutrients have not been systematically studied.Materials and methodsWe investigated the apparent nitrogen and phosphorus balances and their associations with soil nitrogen and phosphorus increases, respectively, in a 34-year-old experimental site with various green manures and rice rotations using linear and logistic models. Cropping treatments included a rice-rice-winter fallow treatment as a control (RRW) and three green manure rotation treatments: rice-rice-ryegrass (RRR), rice-rice-oil rape (RRO), and rice-rice-Chinese milk vetch (RRC).Results and discussionWe found that apparent nitrogen and phosphorus balances of RRR, RRO, and RRC were 164, 162, and 149kghm(-2), which were all significantly lower than 200kghm(-2) of RRW (P<0.05). Moreover, the optimal fitted model of the relationship between cumulative nutrient balance and the increase in soil nutrients was different among treatments. Specifically, the correlation coefficients of cumulative nitrogen balance and soil nitrogen increase of RRR, RRO, and RRC in the linear model (0.49, 0.80, and 0.63) were all significantly lower than in the logistic model (0.81, 0.90, and 0.82). The correlation coefficients of cumulative phosphorus balance and increase in soil phosphorus of RRW in the linear model (0.81) were significantly lower than in the logistic model (0.91). Parameter analysis of the optimal fitted model revealed that RRC would increase the storage capacity of soil nitrogen and decrease the rate of soil phosphorus accumulation.ConclusionsOur results suggested that long-term rice-rice-green manure rotation could significantly change the apparent nitrogen and phosphorus balance and their association with soil nitrogen and phosphorus content, respectively. Our study highlights the importance of green manure rotation in an agro-ecological environment and soil fertility in a double rice cropping system in red paddy soil."
"AB The rapidly changing world determines changes in the business processes. Logistics and transport are the areas facing constant changes. Therefore, an important point is to analyse the current problems of logistics and transport within the context of the changing environment. For many years, the experts of the Dept of Logistics and Transport Management of the Faculty of Transport Engineering from Vilnius Gediminas Technical University have been pursuing research both, in the Baltic Sea Region (BSR) in Lithuania and foreign countries. This research has been directed toward improvements to logistics and the entire supply chain in pursuit of economic, social and ecological competitiveness, an increase in the competitiveness and attractiveness of the transport system in the context of sustainable development, the impact of this system on the economic and social welfare of society, an increase in the competitiveness and attractiveness of the transport sector of improving the legal framework and the application of innovative technologies (including IT) in the transport sector aimed at implementing economic and social cohesion goals. The article deals with some of the key issues of the above introduced research."
"AB The aim of this study is to identify the level and predictor of behavior intention to develop a green university in the case of an undergraduate university in Thailand. The university students and staff at Valaya Alongkorn Rajabhat University under the Royal Patronage, Thailand were selected as the participants in this study using a structured questionnaire covering the six major criteria of the UI GreenMetric World University Ranking. The best predictor factors of the dependent variable were determined by multiple logistic regression. The results showed that a positive attitude towards transportation and education were found to be the most significant predictors of intention to develop green university behavior. This finding implied that the preparation stage in which the behavior intention to develop a green university in the UI GreenMetric World University Ranking is identified should be promoted to provide the opportunity for the development of a green university."
"AB In an age of climatic shifts and environmental degradation, globalization and expanding supply chains are rapidly changing operational and market dynamics. Yet, how are green supply chains dimensioned as a combination of activities and practices? What phases of the supply chain can be most easily improved by adopting a green philosophy? If a company has not yet adopted a green philosophy, what stages of its supply chain can be most likely improved? This article proposes an industry framework to index and benchmark green ""environmentally sustainable"" supply chains. We use 21 managers and senior executives across 12 firms to derive and validate the index variables and parameters. Data from our observations and interviews allow us to derive the Green Supply Chain Index (GSCI). The comprehensive GSCI creates a baseline on which companies can measure their green supply chain performance. This article serves as a starting point for benchmarking organizational GSC initiatives and their downstream effects on organizational performance addressing requisite incentives and penalties. The index can serve as rudimentary templates for research and practices as we seek to decipher various operational and performance aspects that distinguish between green-washing and greening while offering greater scrutiny into a rapidly changing and environmentally-conscious world."
"AB Green development is becoming prioritized in industrial settings and manufacturing. Under the current trend of green development, the status of the green development of enterprises is not clear. Evaluation indicators of green development are required, especially given that China has issued many green development policies, as well as special funding support. Reporting is an important tool to foster communication among governments, the public, enterprises, and stakeholders, as well as to assess advances in, and provide guidance, toward realizing green development. The purpose of the present study was to establish a green development report framework and green development indicators for enterprises, with an application to a case study of a textile company in China. The green development reporting framework was based on a life-cycle assessment method, which is an index system constructed to combine quantitative and qualitative indicators, process control and outcome-oriented indicators within the scope of both life-cycle and factory boundaries. This index system included definitions and calculations methods of environmental and resource indicators that can comprehensively reflect green development. By using empirical data from 2017 in the case study, the framework and indicators were further described, and the effects of relevant terms were noted. The green development reporting framework and case study herein can help enterprises understand the concept of green development, self-inspection, self-comparison, communicate advancements, and ultimately improve their level of green development."
"AB Under this paper, the primary conditions of a modified logistic chaotic map are created with the help of memetic differential expansion. In the beginning, the color image is broken down into different channels like red, blue and green. Then the modified logistic chaotic map essential variables are enhanced with the execution of memetic differential expansion. The strength operation is employed by the association coefficient and Entropy function. The private keys are produced by the modified logistic chaotic map. The encoded image is acquired with a combination of different encoded color channels. The memetic differential expansion builds on image encryption and the previous image encryption techniques build with the different standard images play a vital role in carrying out the larger experiments. The evaluation of the outcome of the proposed technique gives better security and efficiency in contrast to all the previously implemented image encryption techniques."
"AB Purpose - The purpose of this paper is to present a literature survey on, and classification for, green marketing research."
"AB Objective: To compare occupational psychosocial hazards in green collar versus non-green collar workers. Methods: Standard Occupational Classification codes were used to link the 2010 National Health Interview Survey to the 2010 Occupational Information Network Database. Multivariable logistic regressions were used to predict job insecurity, work life imbalance, and workplace harassment in green versus non-green collar workers. Results: Most participants were white, non-Hispanic, 25 to 64 years of age, and obtained greater than a high school education. The majority of workers reported no job insecurity, work life imbalance, or workplace harassment. Relative to non-green collar workers (n = 12,217), green collar workers (n = 2,588) were more likely to report job insecurity (Odds ratio [OR] = 1.13; 95% confidence interval [CI] = 1.02 to 1.26) and work life imbalance (1.19; 1.05 to 1.35), but less likely to experience workplace harassment (0.77; 0.62 to 0.95). Conclusions: Continuous surveillance of occupational psychosocial hazards is recommended in this rapidly emerging workforce."
"AB With the rapid development of the sharing economy, outsourcing logistics operations to third party logistics has become an efficient way of reducing costs in freight transportation. It can be modeled as a variant of the open vehicle routing problem (OVRP), where the vehicles do not return to the depot after servicing customers. However, very few papers have studied fuel consumption in the context of third party logistics. In this work, the mathematical model of the green open vehicle routing problem with time windows (GOVRPTW) was described based on the comprehensive modal emission model (CMEM). A hybrid tabu search algorithm involving several neighborhood search strategies was designed to solve this problem. Computational experiments were performed on realistic instances based on the real road conditions of Beijing, China. The effect of empty kilometers is analyzed through comparing different cost components. Compared with closed routes, the open routes reduced the total cost by 20% with both the fuel emissions costs and the CO2 emissions cost down by nearly 30%. For the experiments with congested nodes, the fuel and emissions cost rose by 12.3%, and the driver cost even increased by 31.3%. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Brazil is one of the most important agricultural producers worldwide. However, the nation faces logistics and distribution matters due to the size of the country. Therefore, local food producers are fundamental to Food Supply Chains performance. They are near to the consumers and reduce the logistics impacts. To understand the role of local food producers, this study analyzes the Local Food Production in Mogi das Cruzes and the support of the local government. The city is the hub of Sao Paulo's metropolitan green belt. We collected data directly from the Municipal Secretariat of Agriculture. The results suggest that the local government performs technical and legal actions and there is a concerning in supporting the local food producers, keep on this economic activity in a good level of efficiency."
"AB The application of reverse logistics (RL) is expanded prominently due to environmental issues, and profit related to the returned products. RL includes all activities associated with product recovery such as repairing, recycling, remanufacturing, and disposing. Several partners are required to collaborate efficiently on account of obtaining optimal outcomes. In this sense, the selection of partners in RL can be considered as a multi-criteria decision making (MCDM) problem. In this research, it is aimed to apply fuzzy analytic network process (FANP) to convert the environmental qualitative factors to the quantitative parameters. Furthermore, an optimization model consisting of multiple echelons, components, and products is introduced for the RL in multiple periods. A multi-objective mixed-integer linear (MILP) programming model is employed to maximize the total profit, green practices, and on-time delivery with minimization of defect rate in the proposed RL Finally, the multi-objective model is solved to achieve non-dominated solutions between the objectives. The proposed method is helpful in selection of the best third party reverse logistics provider. (C) 2018 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB In this paper, we introduce a new emissions factor referred to as the Environmental Externalities score (EES) as a measure of transportation network factors (e.g., gradient, rolling resistance, air resistance etc.) having an impact on fuel consumption of a vehicle. We express the EES by vehicle class (i.e. light-duty and heavy-duty) as a function of each one of these factors. We base our results on extensive bibliographic research and we provide comparisons between different routing scenarios. This novel emission factor is developed to define the objective function of the green vehicle routing problem."
"AB Purpose To maximize the network total profit by calculating the difference between costs and revenue (first objective function). To maximize the positive impact on the environment by integrating GSCM factors in RL (second objective function). To calculate the efficiency of disassembly centers by SDEA method, which are selected as suppliers and maximize the total efficiency (third objective function). To evaluate the resources and total efficiency of the proposed model to facilitate the allocation resource process, to increase resource efficiency and to improve the efficiency of disassembly centers by Inverse DEA. Design/methodology/approach The design of a closed-loop logistics network for after-sales service for mobile phones and digital cameras has been developed by the mixed-integer linear programming method (MILP). Development of MILP method has been performed by simultaneously considering three main objectives including: total network profit, green supply chain factors (environmental sustainability) and maximizing the efficiency of disassembly centers. The proposed model of study is a six-level, multi-objective, single-period and multi-product that focuses on electrical waste. The efficiency of product return centers is calculated by SDEA method and the most efficient centers are selected. Findings The results of using the model in a case mining showed that, due to the use of green factors in network design, environmental pollution and undesirable disposal of some electronic waste were reduced. Also, with the reduction of waste disposal, valuable materials entered the market cycle and the network profit increased. Originality/value (1) Design a closed-loop reverse logistics network for after-sales services; (2) Introduce a multi-objective multi-echelon mixed integer linear programming model; (3) Sensitivity analysis use Inverse-DEA method to increase the efficiency of inefficient units; (4) Use the GSC factors and DEA method in reverse logistics network."
"AB As one of the powerful systematic reliability management tool, the failure mode and effect analysis (FMEA) method is adopted to investigate and analyze potential failure mode (FM) risks of the cold chain green logistics (CCGL). Since FMEA experts have different professional backgrounds and risk preferences, they may give evaluation from different angle and emphasis; and express different limited rational behavior. Therefore, this study proposes an improved FMEA model which considers the expert group and the bounded rational behavior of experts. Firstly, this paper develops the K-means clustering method to partition FMEA experts. Further, a calculation model of attribute weights that considers different risk attitudes is proposed. Additionally, this study proposes a combination final ranking method based on regret theory (RT) and PROMETHEE II method. A practical case and two simulation experiments are carried out to demonstrate the validity, reliability and superiority performance of the proposed FMEA model. The improved FMEA model can enhance the fairness and reasonableness of the expert evaluation, improve the adaptability and flexibility of FMEA, and enrich the theoretical research of FMEA method. Findings indicated that it is necessary to consider the grouping and risk attitudes of experts in the practical risk assessment."
"AB In view of the significance of transportation management and logistics in the economic concept and raising the productivity of production systems, well-timed procurement of perishable materials and goods is determined as a pivotal prerequisite for economic and environmental development. Since the perishable goods produced must be made delivered to consumers as early as possible on account of the limited lifespan, thus, the vulnerability of these products is extremely high, owing to the high cost of transportation as well as the environmental impacts. So that solves this problem, this study represents a problem of dynamic green vehicle routing of perishable products in green traffic conditions that optimizes the total cost for a dynamic transportation network and minimizes environmental influences, and increases customer satisfaction. The introduced model is implemented in light of time windows as a trustworthy solution for monitoring the dynamic logistics process and attaining instantaneous information on the basis of the green traffic situation and travel duration, which is commonly known by the Logit function. Assuming the three-objective programming model, we consider a new improved algorithm developed for a novel augmented epsilon-constraint heuristic approach. Furthermore, robust optimization has been conducted for the established problem to tackle with uncertainties. Uncertainties are included demand and economic parameters. Eventually, to validate the proposed model, a case study was carried out at Kaleh Amol Dairy Company in Iran. The conclusions of sensitivity analysis by implementing the model in the real world indicate that the model and approach presented in various uncertainty scenarios have high flexibility."
"AB This review deals with the chemical storage of green hydrogen in the form of Liquid Organic Hydrogen Carrier (LOHC) systems. LOHC systems store hydrogen by an exothermal catalytic hydrogenation reaction that converts the hydrogen-lean compounds of the LOHC system to their hydrogen-rich counterparts. All compounds of a technically suitable LOHC system are liquids and this offers the advantage of simple logistics of chemically bound hydrogen in the existing infrastructure for fuels. On demand, hydrogen can be released from the hydrogen-rich LOHC molecule in an endothermal catalytic dehydrogenation at low hydrogen pressure (typically below 5 bar). Our contribution deals first with available sources of green hydrogen for a future hydrogen economy and then describes established technical processes to produce clean hydrogen from technically hydrogen-rich gas mixtures. Subsequently, the review focuses on the hydrogenation of aromatic and heteroaromatic compounds as the key step of the LOHC-based hydrogen storage cycle. Special emphasis is given to the hydrogen-charging of hydrogen-lean LOHC compounds with various gas mixtures demonstrating that such a Mixed Gas Hydrogenation (MGH) process offers the technical potential to selectively extract hydrogen in a chemically bound form that enables very efficient hydrogen logistics. In this way, low cost hydrogen sources can be connected to high value hydrogen application, e.g. hydrogen filling stations for clean mobility applications, to enable a future hydrogen economy."
"AB Understanding human perceptions and quantifying parameters that characterize landscape visual quality in an urban green space is important to describe these connections. Within this environment, the association between human perceptions of landscape visual quality (LVQ) have long been of interest to a wide variety of fields. Previous studies have relied on formulas which did not include a direct-viewing and visible information to predict human perceptions of the LVQ of urban green space. In this work, 300 photos of urban green space were taken and evaluated for LVQ by a questionnaire to obtain scores for six human perceptions (e.g., Beauty, Color, Depression, Complex, Safety, and Liveliness). Each photo presents an urban green space landscape and 28 characteristic indicators were identified to explain LVQ. We used logistic regression to identify indicators and Nomograms to display the relationship between characteristic indicators and human perceptions. Different from other formula-based models, the contribution of characteristic indicators on LVQ were clearly and visually expressed by Nomogram. In visualizing the study results with Nomogram, the 28 characteristic indicators were identified with their relationship to each of the six perceptions and the weight of each indicator could be displayed by the length of line. The study also showed that Tree health and Neatness contributed to all human perceptions. Specifically, Tree health affects Beauty, Complex and Liveliness most, while Color contrast has the greatest influence on Color. Recreation Road ratio is the most important factor for Depression and Safety. In practical application for urban designers and planners, the Nomogram results can quickly illustrate the influence of characteristic indicators on the changing of LVQ in urban green space."
"AB There are increasing concerns on the environmental impact of port operations and development due to pressing global issues such as climate change and energy conservation. From the sustainability perspective, a port should manage and balance three bottom lines, namely economic prosperity, social wellbeing, and environmental quality. A major driver for sustainability is to attract and retain customers who value sustainability. As such, formulating a green port marketing plan fulfilling the economic, social, and environmental objectives will guide a port towards sustainable growth and development. The study aims to investigate the green marketing status of the world's major ports. With reference to green marketing theories, these ports' green marketing status is reflected by their strategies, structures, and functions. Cross case analysis is performed to identify patterns and trends across the various ports for benchmarking and thereby derive green marketing orientation. The cross case analysis also adds value by representing an international perspective from the major ports in key geographical regions. The results show that more than half of the 30 cases are actively engaged in green marketing. However, ports focus more on strategies, and less on structures and functions. It is recommended that ports should connect the three essential aspects in green marketing efforts."
"AB Minimizing cost is one of the most important objectives for logistics service providers, and it is not clear how an emphasis on minimizing emissions impacts costs. Most methodologies for routing currently minimize distance or travel time. This paper compares total cost (based on driver and fuel costs), fuel consumption/emissions, distance, and travel time for routes resulting from optimizing each of those measures. We explore the impact of multiple factors on these measures as well as the structure of the routes. Our results suggest that companies need rich cost models and routing algorithms with path flexibility to truly minimize total costs."
"AB The primary objective of this work is to explore how drivers react to flashing green at signalized intersections. Through video taping and data procession based on photogrammetry, the operating speeds of vehicles before and after the moment when flashing green started was compared using paired-samples T-test. The critical distances between go and stop decisions was defined through cumulative percentage curve. The boundary of dilemma zone was determined by comparing stop distance and travel distance. Amber-running violation was analyzed on the basis of the travel time to the stop line. And finally, a logistic model for stop and go decisions was constructed. The results shows that the stopping ratios of the first vehicles of west-bound and east-bound approaches are 41.3% and 39.8%, respectively; the amber-light running violation ratios of two approaches are 31.6% and 25.4%, respectively; the operating speed growth ratios of first vehicles selecting to cross intersection after the moment when flashing green started are 26.7% and 17.7%, respectively; and the critical distances are 48 m and 46 m, respectively, which are close to 44 m, the boundary of dilemma zone. The developed decision models demonstrate that the probability of go decision is higher when the distance from the stop line is shorter or operating speed is higher. This indicates that flashing green is an effective way to enhance intersection safety, but it should work together with a strict enforcement. In addition, traffic signs near critical distance and reasonable speed limitation are also beneficial to the safety of intersections."
"AB The Vehicle Routing Problem (VRP) in its manifold variants is widely discussed in scientific literature. We investigate related optimization models and solution methods to determine the state of research for vehicle routing attributes and their combinations. Most of these approaches are idealized and focus on single problem-tailored routing applications. Addressing this research gap, we present a customizable VRP for optimized road transportation embedded into a Decision Support System (DSS). It integrates various model attributes and handles a multitude of real-world routing problems. In the context of urban logistics, practitioners of different industries and researchers are assisted in efficient route planning that allows for minimizing driving distances and reducing vehicle emissions. Based on the design science research methodology, we evaluate the DSS with computational benchmarks and real-world simulations. Results indicate that our developed DSS can compete with problem-tailored algorithms. With our solution-oriented DSS as final artifact, we contribute to an enhanced economic and environmental sustainability in urban logistic applications."
"AB With the growing awareness of green logistics, the carbon emissions must be considered in the cold chain distribution (CCD). Whereas the traditional regional distribution mode cannot deliver multiple small batches to designated regions right on time, this paper establishes a mathematical model for the minimal distribution cost of fresh food based on the resource/information sharing between multiple distribution centers (multi-DC) and the soft time window constraint, aiming to satisfy the new demands on logistics distribution (e.g. high timeliness, low cost, greenness and resource/information sharing). The total cost refers to the sum of vehicle dispatch cost, transport cost, time penalty cost, cargo loss cost and carbon emissions cost. Next, the proposed model was solved by the hybrid algorithm of artificial fish-swarm algorithm (AFSA) and ACA (AFSA-ACA hybrid algorithm). The simulation examples show that the multi-DC CCD mode can effectively reduce the total distribution cost and carbon emission cost compared to the traditional regional CCD mode."
"AB The sustainability and profitability of fresh produce supply chains are contingent upon several risk factors. This work, therefore, examines several risk indicators that affect the quality and safety of fresh produce in transit, including technological, biological, sustainability, environmental, and emergency risks. Then, we developed a risk assessment and monitoring model that employs a machine learning algorithm, a support vector machine, based on historical monitoring data. The proposed methodology was then applied to simulation and numerical analysis to assess the risks incurred in the strawberry cold chain. After training, the algorithm predicted the risks incurred during transportation with an average accuracy of 90.4%. Therefore, the developed methodology can effectively and accurately perform a risk assessment. Furthermore, the risk assessment model can be applied to other fresh produce due to comprehensive risk indicators. Decision-makers in fresh produce logistics companies can use the developed methodology to identify and mitigate risks incurred, thus improving food safety, reducing product loss, maximizing profits, and realizing sustainable development."
"AB Despite an increasing number of third-party logistics service providers (3PLs) regard environmental sustainability as a key area of management, there is still great uncertainty on how 3PLs implement environmental strategies and on how they translate green efforts into practice. Through a multiple case study analysis, this paper explores the environmental strategies of a sample of medium-sized 3PLs operating in Italy and the UK, in terms of environmental organizational culture, initiatives, and influencing factors. Our analysis shows that, notwithstanding environmental sustainability is generally recognised as a strategic priority, a certain degree of diversity in the deployment of environmental strategies still exists. This paper is original since the extant literature on green strategies of 3PLs provides findings predominantly from a single country perspective and mainly investigates large/multinational organizations. It also provides indications to help managers of medium-sized 3PLs in positioning their business. This is particularly meaningful in the 3PL industry, where medium-sized organizations significantly contribute to the generated turnover and market value. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Location selection for urban distribution centers (DCs) is vital in saving distribution cost and reducing the negative externalities arising from freight transportation. Yet increasing level of logistics sprawl in megacity associated with various urban diseases has been creating new challenges for selecting the location of DCs. In this paper, a mathematical model is proposed to enable an efficient and green distribution system by minimizing the total cost, which contains economics cost, environmental cost, and socio-economic cost. The model is a mixed-integer linear programming model and is characterized with quantifying and pricing the multifarious negative externalities. To verify the effectiveness of the model, a case study is conducted. IBM ILOG CPLEX is adopted for optimization purpose. Then, a sensitive analysis is provided to investigate the impact of various parameters coefficients on the results. This new method provides a good reference for municipal management department in planning urban DC and will contribute to promoting urban green development by reducing the negative externalities of distribution operation."
"AB Port development is an important driver for global economic growth, and also a main energy user and polluter in the world. Amid the global energy crisis and environmental degradation, the international port community has proposed the concept of green port. Zhuhai Port, an important shipping and logistics platform in southern China, is confronted with key questions of how to effectively conduct environmental pollution control and green development performance evaluation, while its size and business performance continue the rapid growth. To address this problem, this study first suggested a green port indicator system tailored-made for Zhuhai Port, and then uses the fuzzy importance-performance analysis (FIPA) method to determine the performance of Zhuhai Port in green port indicators before putting forward a governance strategy. The study shows that Zhuhai Port should focus on monitoring of energy consumption and pollutant emissions, innovation of scientific research technologies and development of green port schemes to deepen the concept of green development and improve the energy conservation and environmental protection capacity of the port. The research results can serve as a theoretical basis for formulation of Zhuhai's green port policies and the establishment of an effective methodology system. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Green jobs creation is the main element in the implementation of bioeconomy mechanisms along with other factors, such as gross domestic product (GDP), environmental protection and national security. The aim of this paper is to develop a profile of companies willing to create new jobs. Its objectives aim to identify the factors contributing to green jobs creation (objective 1) and to test the correlation of factors related to green jobs creation (objective 2). To reach the formulated objectives, the authors have used data extracted from Eurobarometer Flash 456-SMEs, resource efficiency and green markets, representative for the 28 member states of the European Union that comprise interviews held between September 11 and 26 of 2017. For data analysis, first the descriptive methods, and then the multilevel logistic regression were used. The results show a higher likelihood that manufacturing companies with over 50 employees use personnel for green jobs, a turnover of over 500 million Euro, and an upward evolution of turnover. Novelty of the study lies in the development of an index for efficient use of resources comprising the implementation of a set of green measures that proved to be a significant instrument for new green jobs creation."
"AB In the present context of the globalized market, sustainable manufacturing has become a major concern for all organizations. The sustainable manufacturing system includes economic, environmental, and social sustainabilities. Green manufacturing enhances the environmental sustainability but, it also affects the economic and social sustainabilities. The compulsion to follow the environmental rules and regulation in any business activity has increased the awareness for the use of green products, recyclable materials for packaging, reduction of carbon emission, etc. Due to the involvement of extra costs in green manufacturing, some ignorance in the implementation of green practices may be observed. To ensure sustainable systems, selection of suppliers based on green performance measures is very important. This study evaluates the suppliers' performances based on Green Practices as follows: environmental management and pollution control, cost, quality, and flexibility using the fuzzy-extended Elimination and Choice Expressing Reality approach. This approach helps the managers to incorporate the linguistic decision of the decision makers and convert it into quantitative scale. This method is used to eliminate and outrank the poor performers. As poor performers are outranked, this approach helps to select the most suitable green suppliers as per organization's requirement."
AB Objective: The aim of this study is to examine the association between satisfaction with two types of green space and residents' self-rated health by comparing neighbourhood green space (NGS) and community green space (CGS) across spatial dimensions. Method: This study was based on 4291 workers from a large-scale individual survey of inhabitants of Beijing city in 2013. Multilevel ordered logistic regression analysis was used to examine the associations between residents' satisfaction with the two types of green spaces and residents' self-rated health. Results: Residents who are more satisfied with NGS and CGS have higher odds of reporting good self-rated health outcomes. Such effects are more pronounced for residents living close to NGS and tend to decline non-linearly over space. Conclusion: Additional results quantify the differentiated effects on self-rated health between urban and suburban residents. The findings of this study suggest that the effects of residents' satisfaction with different types of green space on health benefits should be taken into account in the land-use design of green space preservation and development policies.
"AB Adoption of carbon regulation mechanisms facilitates an evolution toward green and sustainable supply chains followed by an increased complexity. Through the development and usage of a multi-choice goal programming model solved by an improved algorithm, this article investigates sustainability strategies for carbon regulations mechanisms. We first propose a sustainable logistics model that considers assorted vehicle types and gas emissions involved with product transportation. We then construct a bi-objective model that minimizes total cost as the first objective function and follows environmental considerations in the second one. With our novel robust-heuristic optimization approach, we seek to support the decision-makers in comparison and selection of carbon emission policies in supply chains in complex settings with assorted vehicle types, demand and economic uncertainty. We deploy our model in a case-study to evaluate and analyse two carbon reduction policies, i.e., carbon-tax and cap-and-trade policies. The results demonstrate that our robust-heuristic methodology can efficiently deal with demand and economic uncertainty, especially in large-scale problems. Our findings suggest that governmental incentives for a cap-and-trade policy would be more effective for supply chains in lowering pollution by investing in cleaner technologies and adopting greener practices."
"AB The Physical Internet (PI, or pi) paradigm has been developed to be a global logistics system that aims to move, handle, store, and transport logistics products in a sustainable and efficient way. To achieve the goal, the PI requires a high-level interconnectivity in the physical, informational, and operational aspects enabled by an interconnected network of intermodal hubs, collaborative protocols, and standardized, modular, and smart containers. In this context, PI is a key player poised to benefit from the Internet-of-Things (IoT) revolution since it potentially provides an end-to-end visibility of the PI objects, operations, and systems through ubiquitous information exchange. This article is to investigate opportunities of application of the IoT technology in the PI vision. In addition, an IoT ecosystem (pi-IoT) encompassing key enabling IoT technologies, building blocks, and a service-oriented architecture (SoA) is proposed as a potential component for accelerating the implementation of PI. The major challenges regarding the deployment of IoT into the emerging logistics concept are also discussed intensively for further research."
"AB Modern business traits and global-scale logistics operations have urged companies to devise responsive and efficient supply chain networks to fulfill customer demands all- around the world. However, such operations have increased resource consumption and pollution production, causing more environmental damage. To address these issues, postponement strategies are adopted to enable responsive and more environmentally friendly supply chain operations. However, only a few studies on supply chain optimization considering postponement strategies and environmental issues have been conducted. It motivates this study to propose a mixed-integer model of an integrated green supply chain network (GSCN) for both single and multi-period planning horizons that incorporate postponement concept, and modularized products and processes. Using these models, various speculation strategies coupled with postponement strategies can be analyzed in configuring green supply chain system with mass customization principle subjected to various carbon tax and carbon cap policies under a global supply chain environment. Computational examples of a mass customization notebook computer supply chain show that postponing product differentiation reduces excessive production processes. As a result, the configured supply chain is able to comply with strict environmental policies with just a slight cost increase. This justifies postponement strategies application in configuring eco-efficient supply chain operations."
"AB The emerging environmental awareness of the public, as well as the implementation of governmental regulations, force organisations to employ corporate environmental practices such as green supply chain management (GSCM) and green innovation. Accordingly, both practices are crucial to achieve professional improvement in the environmental performance of these organisations. However, research on the relationship of GSCM, green innovation, and environmental performance is relatively rare. Therefore, this study is aimed to provide empirical evidence showing that GSCM and green innovation practices significantly improve environmental performance in order to encourage organisations to implement these practices. In addition, this study investigates the relationship between GSCM and green innovation practices and the influence of these practices on the environmental performance in 123 manufacturing organisations with ISO 14001 certification. The results of PLS-SEM revealed that there is a significant and positive relationship between GSCM and green innovation, and the environmental performance. Moreover, green innovation had a positive effect on the environmental performance. Furthermore, green innovation had a mediating relationship between GSCM and environmental performance. Therefore, the present paper confirmed the significant influence of GSCM on boosting the green innovation of organisations and on the manufacturing establishments, which eventually improve the environment. In brief, the outcomes of this study provide enhanced understanding about the significant role of green innovation in the manufacturers for improving their GSCM and organisational environmental performance. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB John H. Conway (1937-2020) has introduced a series of cellular automata (CA) models to demonstrate that simple rules can lead to very complex phenomena. Game of Life (GoL) is one of the most renowned CA models invented by Conway in 1970's. In fact, GoL is a 'game' without players, by which the spread of artificial life on 2-dimensional plane under periodic boundary conditions is progressively simulated. The present study shows that GoL can be remodeled as a parameter-adjustable CA-based logistic model applicable for simulating the population dynamics of organisms, by emphasizing the intrinsic modes of density effects found in original GoL which are equivalent to the logistic and Allee effects observed in population dynamics in living organisms. The strategy taken was to design a novel Hill-type density-responsive algorithm functioning behind the actions of the logistic CA model extended from GoL. Lastly, the growth curves simulated by the modified GoL and logistic model were compared to clarify that the growth patterns in GoL obey the logistic growth prediction under strong influence of carrying capacity, but the harm by low density could be overcome by local configuration of live cells."
"AB Reverse logistics initiatives with social commerce not only provide opportunities for firms to create new sources of revenue but also demonstrate their corporate social responsibility via social, green, and environmental activities. Thus, a growing number of companies are attempting to streamline their social commerce platforms to effectively handle reverse logistics. The purpose of this study is to identify the criteria that should be used in designing and evaluating social commerce based reverse logistics processes by firms. We tested the effectiveness of the identified criteria by using them to evaluate the reverse logistics practices of three major global firms that use social commerce platforms. First, we identified the criteria from a thorough review of the literature. Then, we invited five experts to provide (linguistic) ratings of these firms on the selected criteria, using a fuzzy Technique for Order Preference by Similarity to Ideal Solution (TOPSIS) technique with FLINTSTONES (a software tool) to generate aggregate scores for the assessment and evaluation of reverse logistics practices in social commerce platforms. Sensitivity analysis was also provided to monitor the robustness of the approach. The results of the study identified that four dominant criteria (reverse logistics performance indicators) in the social commerce platform: Customer relationship, Usage risk, Reviews, and Quality control. (C) 2018 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB In its White Paper on ""A Sustainable Future of Transport"", the European Commission promoted the idea of green transport corridors (GTCs) by establishing trans-shipment routes with concentration of freight traffic between major hubs. GTCs reduce environmental and climate impact of the traffic on these relatively long distances of transport while increasing safety and efficiency with the application of sustainable logistics solutions. The Baltic Sea Region (BSR) enjoys a vanguard position in the development and realisation of green transport concepts within Europe."
AB The purpose of this paper is to explore themes and challenges in developing environmentally sustainable logistical activities.
"AB Transportation and logistics practices conducted downstream in supply chains are often the greatest source of environmental emissions and degradation for companies. The implementation of environmental logistics practices provides a mechanism to tackle this challenge. The natural resource-based view (NRBV) highlights the potential for companies to generate sources of competitive advantage through tackling environmental concerns. It further suggests that engagement with key stakeholders may facilitate the implementation of environmental efforts at the supply chain level. Adopting this perspective, this study considers (i) whether downstream environmental logistics practices improve environmental and cost performance and; (ii) whether engagement with customers supports and enhances the relationship between downstream environmental logistics and performance. Using survey responses collected from 149 food manufacturing companies located within the UK, we find that adoption of downstream environmental logistics practices can generate environmental and cost performance benefits. We also find that the level of performance improvement deriving from these practices may be increased when companies engage with customers to tackle environmental concerns. Considered together, our results suggest that environmental logistics practices provide a mechanism environmental and cost performance improvements and that these improvements may be enhanced further through engagement with appropriate stakeholders."
"AB Purpose In recent years, governmental regulations and the pressure of non-governmental organizations have convinced corporations to consider sustainable issues in their decisions. A simultaneous design of forward and reverse logistics can keep us away from sub-optimality caused by tackling these two phases (forward and reverse logistics) separately. Design/methodology/approach Hence, this paper presents a new multi-objective mathematical model for integrated forward and reverse logistics regarding economic, environmental and social issues. A new hybrid multi-objective metaheuristic algorithm is developed to obtain a set of efficient solutions (Pareto solutions). The proposed algorithm hybridizes a well-known, non-dominated genetic algorithm (NSGA-II) with a simulated annealing algorithm. Findings To validate the algorithm, its results are compared to the obtained solutions from simple NSGA-II with respect to some comparison metrics. The numerical results show the efficiency of the proposed algorithm. Finally, concluding remarks and future research directions are provided. Originality/value By applying a model presented in this paper, one can reach to sustainable and integrated logistics network which considers forward and reverse flow of commodities simultaneously."
"AB E-commerce logistics services are increasingly offering innovative solutions that invite consumers' co-creation. Although value co-creation empowers consumers, it also connotes a sense of exploitation. This study explores the fairness perspective of co-creating satisfactory logistics services, using self-collection service as an example. A theoretical model based on synthesized insights of Fairness Heuristics and Selective Information Processing was conceptualized and validated. Survey data were collected from 680 actual self-collection users. The findings show a three-pronged service evaluation process with consumers' fairness perception as a central anchorage. Furthermore, the satisfaction formation process is moderated by consumers' pre-formed beliefs leading to biased evaluations of co-creation experiences. This study contributes to literature with a contingent framework of consumers' participation in logistics services, suggesting a heuristic-based process of value co-creation among the consumers. We also create practical insights on consumers' preformed beliefs toward the logistics services and service providers that lead to a biased satisfaction formation process."
"AB Renewable energy is growing quickly in China due to subsidies, but the short-term subsidies cannot maintain long-term stable development of the wind power industry. With increasing environmental risks, it is imperative to achieve wind power grid parity which is the base for market-driven development. But when and how to achieve wind power grid parity is a question worth studying. In this paper, a system dynamics model for studying wind power grid parity is established by combining economic growth theory, logistic learning curve model. The results show that it is difficult to achieve wind grid parity under the current situation (high cost, low utilization hours and serious curtailment), and wind power price will break through 0.4 CNY/kWh in 2023 and should be stable at 0.3 CNY/kWh in 2025. However, wind power grid parity may be reached in 2020 by linked with green certificate trading. Finally, policy implications on how to reduce corporate taxation, improve operational efficiency of wind power and link with green certificate trading can are proposed. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Considering the influence of carbon emissions trading, the fuzzy stochastic programming model was established to cut back the total cost of carbon trading balance. Modeling this chain is carried out by accounting for carbon cap-and-trade considerations and total cost optimization. In this paper, we analyze the low-carbon integrated forward/reverse logistics network and made relevant simulation tests. The results show that the changes of the confidence level and carbon emission limits have obvious influences on logistics costs. If the emission limit is large, carbon trading mechanism has little effect on the total logistics cost in the same scenario. Therefore, the government needs to use the appropriate emission limits to guide enterprises to reduce carbon emissions, and enterprises can make coping strategies according to the different limit at the same time. Therefore, the fuzzy random programming model proposed in this paper is practical. Its decision making applying the proposed algorithm is reasonable and applicable and could provide decision basis for enterprise managers."
"AB Purpose - The purpose of this paper is to explore the peer-reviewed literature, as well as literature written by practitioners having authority on green supply chains and allied areas with a view to identify future research directions with the help of an extensive literature review."
"AB In response to the environmental problems in the world, organizations need to apply green indicators to gain competitive advantages. Moreover, manufacturers need to fulfill the demands in such a way as to generate a stable plan in the real world. In this paper, a robust optimization approach is developed to solve a multi-site, multi- period, multi-product aggregate production planning problem in a green supply chain considering potential collection and recycling centers under uncertainty. The specific number of collection and recycling centers among potential centers can be constructed to manufacture the second-class products. Some green principles such as waste management, greenhouse gas emissions related to transportation modes, and production methods are embedded in the model. The objective function sets out to minimize total losses of considered supply chain. Demand fluctuations and cost parameters are subject to the uncertainty. A set of discrete scenarios are employed to illustrate the uncertainties. The robust optimization approach is chosen to reduce the impacts of fluctuations of uncertain parameters concerning all possible scenarios in the future. A case study from an Iranian Wood and Paper Industries Company is studied to indicate the practicability of the proposed model. The computational results demonstrate the effectiveness and robustness of the model. The cost analysis is carried out to provide useful managerial insights. The total costs and the profit in collection and recycling system, is also analyzed to indicate its performance."
"AB Since early 2010s, the Green Routing Problem (GRP) has dominated the literature of logistics and transportation. The problem itself consists of finding a set of vehicle routes for a set of customers while minimizing the detrimental effects of transportation activities. These negative externalities have been intensively tackled in the last decade. Operations research studies have particularly focused on minimizing the energy consumption and emissions. As a result, the rich literature on GRPs has already reached its peak, and several early literature reviews have been conducted on various aspects of related vehicle routing and scheduling problem variants. The major contribution of this paper is that it represents a comprehensive review of the current reviews on GRP studies. In addition to that, it is an up-to-date review based on a new chronological taxonomy of the literature. The detailed analysis provides a useful framework for understanding the research gaps for the future studies and the potential impacts for the academic community."
"AB Manufacturing organisations adopt various kinds of green interventions to make their operations more environment friendly. However not all interventions have a similar impact on enhancing the environmental efficiency of supply networks. The present study aims to identify the most effective green interventions for effective green supply chain management (GSCM) using the interpretive structural modelling (ISM) technique. GSCM includes the implementation of green interventions to enhance the environmental viability of their products and processes. First, a set of green interventions is identified through literature and expert opinions, and then these are analysed using the ISM technique. The green interventions 'developing environmental strategies, policies and procedures' and 'performance review and long term action plan' are identified as the most influential green interventions as they have low dependence and high driving power, which means that it is important to give emphasis on these interventions for effective green supply chain management. Additionally, the study identifies that 'adoption of cutting edge technology', 'cleaner production', and others are the interventions with high dependence and high driving power. Among all the interventions analysed none has an independent character. Sustainability managers can use this technique and the results in improving sustainability in their SCM."
"AB The aim of the present study was to assess the association between green tea intake and incidence of atrial fibrillation (AF) in a Chinese population. A total of 801 (mean age: 62 years; 56% male) subjects were enrolled: 401 AF patients and 400 controls. All subjects completed a questionnaire and the associations between their green tea drinking habits and incidence of AF were assessed using the odds ratio (OR) and binary logistic regression. After multivariate adjustment, green tea intake presented as a protective factor against the incidence of AF (OR: 0.349, 95% CI: 0.253-0.483, P < 0.001). The green tea protection showed downward trend with increasing green tea intake (P for the trend= 0.001). Low frequency, low concentration, short-term tea consumption was classified as low-dose green tea intake. Green tea intake decreased the incidence of both paroxysmal AF (OR: 0.307, 95% CI: 0.216-0.436, P < 0.001) and persistent AF (OR: 0.355, 95% CI: 0.261-0.482, P < 0.001) and may be associated with a decreased incidence of AF. This study suggests that low-dose green tea intake strongly protects against AF."
"AB Green warehouse management plays a significant part in developing a carbon efficient supply chain. This research examines the behaviour change in warehouse management decisions under the cap-and-trade emission policy and explores the role of green technology investment in managing the trade-offs between the economic and environment performances of warehousing operations. This study analyses the optimal decisions in warehouse management and technology investment under the cap-and-trade emissions policy to assist the practitioners in making efficient decisions. Moreover, this study also investigates the effect of initial carbon emission allowance and transaction costs of the unit carbon emission trading with the outside market, on the economic and environment performances of warehousing operations. The findings of this study provide useful insights in greening the warehousing operations and reducing the carbon emissions. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Green Human Resource Management (GHRM) and Green Supply Chain Management (GSCM) are popular subjects in the areas of human resource management (HRM) and operations management (OM), respectively. Although scholars in each of these areas are advancing the roles of GSCM and GHRM in building more sustainable organizations, there has been a significant delay in the integration of these two contemporary subjects, based on a greater gap in the integration of HRM and supply chain management (SCM). Thus, the aims of this study are to propose a synergistic and integrative framework for the GHRM-GSCM relationship and to propose a research agenda for this integration. After reaching these goals, this article emphasizes the implications of GHRM-GSCM integration for scholars, managers, And practitioners in the areas of organizational sustainability and truly sustainable supply chains. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Background: Antenatal depression is an important contributor to poor maternal health experienced by some women. This study aimed to determine whether exposure to green space during pregnancy is associated with less depression, and whether this association is moderated by relevant factors, such as age, education, self-identified ethnicity, physical activity, residential rurality, and socioeconomic status. Methods: Health data were sourced from the cohort study ""Growing Up in New Zealand"" comprised of 6772 participants. Green space was estimated based on the proportion of green space within the Census Area Unit. Adjusted logistic mixed effect models were used to investigate the association between green space and antenatal depression after controlling for confounding variables. Results: Maternal exposure to green space were not associated with lower odds of antenatal depression. Indications of effect modifications due to relevant factors were not observed. Conclusions: This study did not determine an association between access to green space (measured based on the distance to the nearest green space) and antenatal depression. Therefore, a link between green space and antenatal depression was not established. For that reason, ensuring residential areas contain adequate green space may or may not be helpful in preventing antenatal depression and adverse health outcomes associated with this depression. More studies focusing on pregnant women in a range of social contexts, and considering both exposure and access to green space, are warranted to determine the relationships between green space and antenatal depression."
"AB Going green is a trend of seaport for all over the world and environmental management becomes a critical role in a port operation. The advantages of environmental management are not only for customer satisfaction and corporate image but also for cost saving and environment protection. The paper reviewed the development of green port in Thailand and used case study of Laem Chabang port (LCP) to figure out the green port assessment criteria and to set up the Environmental Performance Indicators. The paper conducted entropy approach to analysis environmental performance indicators (EPIs) of LCP based on secondary data from 2011 to 2014. Main findings of this paper indicate the top 5 rank EPIs including TKN in wastewater, Chromium in soil and sediment, TSP in the air, Phytoplankton biodiversity, and Zooplankton biodiversity respectively. Copyright (C) 2018 The Korean Association of Shipping and Logistics, Inc. Production and hosting by Elsevier B.V."
"AB There is substantial evidence of links between green spaces and better health status. However, the ways in which green space are measured are varied, including both objective and subjective measures. This paper examines factors associated with individuals' perceiving a lack of open public space, including the objective quantity of green space and wider problems in the area. This is analysed using a combination of principal component analysis and logistic regression. We use data from the Healthy Ireland Survey 2016, a cross sectional survey of over 7000 adults in Ireland. The results suggest that objective green space has a significant negative association with whether an individual perceives a problem with lack of open public space. The analysis also reveals that area safety, area cleanliness, and area service provision are important factors explaining perceived adequacy of open public space. The findings of this analysis have implications for the methods by which researchers and policymakers measure and analyse green space in an area."
"AB Purpose - Because of the major contribution of logistics to the greenhouse gas effect, logistics research has begun to address the topic of energy, but it has not yet targeted the role of energy within logistical decision-making processes. To facilitate such endeavors, the purpose of this paper is to explore the perceptions of energy which managers in logistics organizations portray."
AB Background: Few studies have investigated the impact of neighbourhood green space on perceived stress and sleep quality with adjustment for other environmental factors such as household traffic noise and ambient air pollution.
"AB The present research proposes a roadmap to the excellence of operations for sustainable reverse supply chain/logistics by the joint implementation of principles of Industry 4.0 (I4.0) and ReSOLVE model of circular economy (CE) approaches. The connection between I4.0 and CE is unveiled by addressing the case-based model affecting the economic and environmental performances imparting two important dimensions: (i) the information sharing with the reverse logistics system is in real-time mode, and (ii) diffusion of green product in the market. The effectiveness of the virtual world in I4.0 environment is explored using simulation of reverse logistics model involving operations such as inventory and production planning policy, family-based dispatching rules of remanufacturing, and additive manufacturing. The remanufacturing model examines the trade-off between set-up delays and the availability of green transportation. For managerial insights, Taguchi experimental design framework has been used for the analysis. Based on the trade-off analysis between environmental and economic performances, the findings of the paper suggest appropriate combinations of information-sharing and family-based dispatching rules. Further, the findings suggest that, given the I4.0 and circular capabilities, it is necessary to focus on the cost of the socially influenced operations involving factors such as collection investment and size of the end-user market that governs the product returns. Therefore, in the present paper, the integration of I4.0 and CE represents a real-time decision model for the sustainable reverse logistics system."
"AB 3D printing has recently influenced membrane science. As a green alternative to current membrane fabrication methods, 3D printing prevents the mixing of highly toxic chemicals into water through its sustainable production. Furthermore, the risk of exposure to these toxic materials and of mechanical accidents during the fabrication is also attenuated. This type of in-situ fabrication eliminates logistic-based problems caused by transportation and packaging. Eliminating packaging and reducing transportation and precision-based waste also reduces CO2 emissions. The advantages of 3D-printed membranes are correlated with each other and promote a greener environment. In this article, we collect their contributions under the sub-titles of sustainability, risk reduction, cost-effectiveness, precision and mobility."
"AB Real-life challenges require proactive measures. Good transportation services and greener alternatives demand steadfast research in the area. Here, an attempt has been made to address such a problem. A particular case of VRP, with deliveries split into bags and triangular fuzzy travel times, has been modelled to minimise fuel emissions. The concepts of fuzzy rule-based implication for ranking and for comparing fuzzy numbers with numeric values, an expected value model, have been drawn upon. A discrete fuzzy-hybridised GA has been developed. Multiple experiments on data in existing works, parameter tuning, and comparative analysis have been performed, thereby corroborating the model's efficacy."
"AB Green processes are very important for the implementation of green technologies in production to achieve positive sustainability outcomes in the Industry 4.0 era. The scope of the paper is to review how conventional green processes as a part of Industry 4.0 provide sustainability outcomes in manufacturing. The paper is based on the methodology of systematic literature review through the content analysis of literary resources. Twenty-nine studies were included in our content analysis. The results show the main focus of current literature related to Industry 4.0, sustainability outcomes and green processes. The authors present a conceptual Sustainability Green Industry 4.0 (SGI 4.0) framework that helps to structure and evaluate conventional green processes in relation to Industry 4.0 and sustainability. The study summarizes which technologies (big data, cyber-physical systems, Industrial Internet of Things and smart systems) and green processes (logistics, manufacturing and product design) are important for achieving a higher level of sustainability. The authors found that the most often common sustainability outcomes are energy saving, emission reduction, resource optimalization, cost reduction, productivity and efficiency and higher economic performance, human resources development, social welfare and workplace safety. The study suggests implications for practice, knowledge and future research."
"AB We investigate a specific version of the Green Vehicle Routing Problem, in which we assume the availability of a mixed vehicle fleet composed of electrical and conventional (internal combustion engine) vehicles. These are typically light- and medium-duty vehicles. We allow partial battery recharging at any of the available stations. In addition, we use a comprehensive energy consumption model which can take into account speed, acceleration, deceleration, load cargo and gradients. We propose a matheuristic embedded within a large neighborhood search scheme. In a numerical study we evaluate the performance of the proposed approach. (C) 2019 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB Under the paradigm of Industry 4.0, the present research attempts to model the reverse logistics and examine how product diffusion dynamics in the market affect the economic and environmental performances of an inventory and production planning (I&PP) system. We use the classic Bass (1969) model of diffusion of innovation to capture the returns of a single-generation of a product under the proposed architecture of systematical deployment of information-sharing strategies and I&PP policies under the notions of Industry 4.0 components. The key feature of Industry 4.0 characterized by virtualization of factory operations is captured using the simulation model. For the analysis, using the Taguchi experimental design framework, we present valuable managerial insights. Our findings suggest the relevant adoption patterns based on the combination of information-sharing and I&PP policies for the tradeoff between environmental and economic performance. An extensive sensitivity analysis shows the robustness of the model. Further, the managerial decisions on the environmental and economic performance measures reveal that in spite of the presence of Industry 4.0 technology capabilities, a close attention should be paid to operational parameters and their related costs when socially influenced green product adoption with the parameters such as size of end-user market and collection investment are governing the returns of the product to the reverse logistics system. Accordingly, the model exhibits a real-time decision support tool for the sustainable reverse logistics system in Industry 4.0 environment at large."
"AB Growing public pressure, stricter environmental standards but also the awareness that greener supply chains can be more attractive for investors have made it more important than ever for firms to go ""green."" While scholars have investigated technological production options, recycling and logistics flows, there is no research that studies the interplay between emissions and the costs of the supply chain contingent upon the production volume allocation and the energy mix. The results, based on a case study in the German automotive industry, show that by optimizing the energy mix, the CO2 emissions of the supply chain can be reduced by 30% at almost zero variable cost increase. (C) 2015 Published by Elsevier B.V."
"AB With the rapid development of e-commerce, logistic enterprises must better predict customer demand to improve distribution efficiency, so as to deliver goods in advance, which makes logistics stochastic and dynamic. In order to deal with this challenge and respond to the concept of ""green logistics,"" an electric vehicle routing problem with stochastic demands (EVRPSD) and proactive remedial measures is investigated, and an EVRPSD model with probability constraints is established. At the same time, a hybrid heuristic algorithm, combining a saving method and an improved Tabu search algorithm, is proposed to solve the model. Moreover, two insertion strategies with the greedy algorithm for charging stations and dynamic nodes are introduced. Finally, a large number of experimental data show that the heuristic algorithm proposed in this paper is feasible and effective."
"AB Purpose The purpose of this paper is to offer improvement in routing and collection load decisions for a green logistics system that delivers lunch boxes. Design/methodology/approach A mathematical model is introduced into the literature for the 130 years old logistics systems whose delivery accuracy is better than the Six Sigma standard without using sophisticated tools. A simulated annealing (SA) approach is then used to find the routing and collection load decisions for the lunch box career. Findings The findings establish that we can improve the world-class lunch box delivery (LBD) system. The suggested improvement in terms of reduction in distance travel is nearly 6%. This could be a huge relief for thousands of lunch box careers. The uniformity in collection load decisions suggested by the proposed approach can be more effective for the elderly lunch box carriers. Research limitations/implications The research provides a mathematical framework to study an important logistics system that is running with a supreme level of service accuracy. Collecting primary data was challenging as there is no scope for recording and maintaining data in the present logistics system. The replicability of the system for some other city in the world is a challenging question to answer. Practical implications Better routing and collection load decisions can help many lunch box careers save time and bring homogeneity in workload into the system. Social implications An efficient routing decision can help provide smoother traffic movements, and uniformity in collection load can help avoid unwanted injuries to about 5,000 lunch box careers. Originality/value The originality of this paper lies in the proposed mathematical model and finding the routing and collection load decisions using a nature-inspired probabilistic search technique. The LBD system of Mumbai was never studied mathematically. The study is the first of its kind."
"AB This article concerns a green Time Dependent Capacitated Vehicle Routing Problem (TDCVRP) which is confronted in urban distribution planning. The problem is formulated as a Markovian Decision Process and a dynamic programming (DP) approach has been used for solving the problem. The article presents a performance comparison of two recent heuristics for the green TDCVRP that explicitly accounts for time dependent vehicle speeds and fuel consumption (emissions). These heuristics are the classical Restricted Dynamic Programming (RDP) algorithm, and the Simulation Based RDP that consists of weighted random sampling, RDP heuristic and simulation. The numerical experiments show that the Simulation Based Restricted Dynamic Programming heuristic can provide promising results within relatively short computational times compared to the classical Restricted Dynamic Programming for the green TDCVRP."
"AB Coffee consumption is changing. Monodose, flavoured coffee capsules provide new experiences beyond the traditional custom of brewing coffee. These pods allow access to a selection of premium coffee worldwide but create huge quantities of plastic-aluminium packaging waste. The paper examines the novelty of coffee capsule consumption in Brazil in terms of consumers' perspectives about ethical enterprise and environmental stewardship. We argue for 'waste to resource' management and applying reverse logistics to the coffee production supply chain. Based on circular economy principles and fuelled by the 'green' awareness of Brazilian coffee consumers, we propose a conceptual framework to support business decision-making by adopting a systemic intervention from the consumer viewpoint. To structure the situation, we conducted over 40 interviews, using purposive sampling. Analytic hierarchy process, value focused thinking and Rich Picture technique informed our problem structuring approach. Findings illustrate that reverse logistics supply chain in coffee capsule manufacturing presents real challenges to achieving circular practice. Yet, the eco-values of Brazilian coffee enthusiasts may be partly considered a 'wealth of information flow' and a potential driving force for change. This paper should be of interest to researchers/practitioners exploring how consumers may contribute to behavioural change, towards more circular business."
"AB Optimization of the green logistics location-routing problem with eco-packages involves solving a two-echelon location-routing problem and the pickup and delivery problem with time windows. The first echelon consists of large eco-package transport, which is modeled by a time-discretized transport-concentrated network flow programming in the resource sharing state-space-time (SST) network. The second echelon focuses on small eco-package pickups and deliveries, established by the cost-minimized synchronization-oriented location routing model that minimizes the total generalized cost, which includes internal transportation cost, value of eco-packages, short-term benefits and environmental externalities. In addition, the Gaussian mixture clustering algorithm is utilized to assign customers to their respective service providers in the pickup and delivery process, and a Clarke-Wright saving method-based non-dominated sorting genetic algorithm II is designed to optimize pickup and delivery routes, and improve their cost-effectiveness and degree of synchronization. Different strategy testing results are used in the service phase as input data to calculate the cost of the transport phase, which is solved through a Lagrangian relaxation approach. The 3D SST network representation innovatively captures the eco-package route sequence and state transition constraints over the shortest path in the pickup and delivery at any given moment of the transport phase. A large-scale logistics network in Chengdu, China, is used to demonstrate the proposed model and algorithm, and undertake sensitivity analysis considering the life cycle of green eco-packages."
"AB Vehicle routing problem (VRP) is about finding optimal routes for a fixed fleet of vehicles in order that they can meet the demands for a set of given customers by traveling through those paths. This problem and its numerous expansions are one of the most important and most applicable transportation and logistics problems. In this study, the green vehicle routing and scheduling problem with heterogeneous fleet including reverse logistics in the form of collecting returned goods along with weighted earliness and tardiness costs is studied to establish a trade-off between operational and environmental costs and to minimize both simultaneously. In this regard, a mixed integer non-linear programming (MINLP) model is proposed. Since the problem is categorized as NP-hard, two meta-heuristics, a simulated annealing (SA) and a genetic algorithm (GA) are suggested in order to find near-optimal solutions for large instances in a reasonable computational time. The performances of the proposed algorithms are evaluated in comparison with the mathematical model for small-sized problems and with each other for problems of all size using a set of defined test problems. Analysis of the results considering two criteria: solutions quality and computational times, indicates the satisfactory performance of the presented algorithms in a proper computational time. Meanwhile, a statistical hypothesis testing (T test) is conducted. It can generally be observed that SA achieves relatively better results in terms of solution quality, while GA spends less computational time for all-sized test problems. Eventually, sensitivity analysis is conducted to investigate the effect of collecting returned goods on the cost of total CO2 emissions, variable costs of the fleet and the objective function value. (C) 2020 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB The aim of this research is to determine the adoption level of green practices and its effect on employee' performance. The research population is people who authorized on road transport by General Directorate of Road Regulation in Ministry of Transport and Infrastructure in Turkey (N= 334,456). The sample of the study is 2,000 employees using simple random sampling method for in the company in 39 province. It was concluded that there was a statistically significant and weak positive relationship between the perception of adoption of green practices and task performance and between the perception of adoption of green practices and contextual performance. It was determined that the linear combination of values related to technological, organizational and environmental factors that constitute the perception of adoption of green practices significantly predicts the task and contextual performance of employees, and organizational factors is the variable of the employee's perception of adoption of green practices which is the most descriptive of the task and contextual performance, and environmental factors among the variables in the model do not have a statistically significant effect on task and contextual performance."
"AB Balancing economic development with environmental protection has become a critical concern worldwide. However, along with the highly competitively global marketplace, economic factors are known to directly affect an enterprise's development and its future business. Therefore, selecting the right partner for sustainable collaboration that will lead to improved business performance and reduce carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions is a significant problem for many enterprises. In addition, investigating the economic impact of companies that are charged to protect the environment is becoming increasingly problematic. Thus, the purpose of this paper is to evaluate the comparative efficiencies of 16 Green Logistics Providers (GLPs) in the USA from 2012 to 2015, and the projected four-year period of 2016-2019, by means of an integrated approach that combines the grey forecasting model GM (1,1) and Data Envelopment Analysis (DEA). The results show that there are two GLPs, Knight Transportation and the Union Pacific Corporation, that possess a higher efficiency level and are achieving positive technical change. However, this study also determined that Hyster-Yale Materials Handling and CSX Corporation did not reach an acceptable efficiency score; therefore, they should improve technical efficiency to mitigate environmental concerns. This completely integrative methodology has the potential to provide the best decision-making strategies for finding suitable collaborative partners who are able to meet the sustainability requirements in most economic and environmental areas."
"AB This research paper recognizes the association between corporate social responsibility (CSR) practices and firm reputation. The researcher collected the data from 239 fast moving consumer goods enterprises located in the industrial area of Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. The CSR practices are measured by recycling of products, green purchasing, environmental awareness/protection programs, and direct support to the community. This research adopts a simultaneous regression technique to test hypotheses. The results show that CSR practices have a strong positive relationship with enterprise reputation. Meanwhile, direct support to community and environmental protection programs have a greater positive effect on firms reputation as compared to green purchasing and recycling of products. In addition, CSR practices arouse sympathy in consumers' minds, which translates into repeat buying of products."
"AB Big data analytics and artificial intelligence (BDA-AI) technologies have attracted increasing interest in recent years from academics and practitioners. However, few empirical studies have investigated the benefits of BDA-AI in the supply chain integration process and its impact on environmental performance. To fill this gap, we extended the organizational information processing theory by integrating BDA-AI and positioning digital learning as a moderator of the green supply chain process. We developed a conceptual model to test a sample of data from 168 French hospitals using a partial least squares regression-based structural equation modeling method. The findings showed that the use of BDA-AI technologies has a significant effect on environmental process integration and green supply chain collaboration. The study also underlined that both environmental process integration and green supply chain collaboration have a significant impact on environmental performance. The results highlight the moderating role of green digital learning in the relationships between BDA-AI and green supply chain collaboration, a major finding that has not been highlighted in the extant literature. This article provides valuable insight for logistics/supply chain managers, helping them in mobilizing BDA-AI technologies for supporting green supply processes and enhancing environmental performance."
"AB Managing urban green spaces effectively to a greater extent relies on the underlying powers (authority and resource capacities) entrusted to relevant stakeholder institutions. This paper assesses how power is regulated among major stakeholder institutions/bodies in the management of green spaces in the Kumasi Metropolis. Relying on the interpretative research philosophy and case study design, sixteen (16) key informants from both public and private institutions engaged in the management of green spaces were purposively selected. In-depth interviews and personal observations were the main data collection techniques employed and these were supplemented with secondary data on legislative provisions on green spaces in Ghana. The findings of the paper revealed that vague legislative provisions regulate green spaces and that these provisions have caused a complexity of ownership of green spaces among three main bodies. There were also fragmentations of power among six agencies/organisations on the management of green spaces and poor resource capacities (funds, personnel and logistics) of the agencies on green spaces. The resultant effects were conflicting managerial roles and poor management of green spaces affecting the sustainability of such spaces. The paper recommends a review of the existing regulatory framework to provide clarity on the ownership of these spaces and restructuring of the institutional frameworks to avoid conflicting roles. There should also be stronger institutional resource base and retention of only core or relevant organisation(s) on the management of green spaces."
"AB This study aims to evaluate the Green Supplier Development Programs (GSDPs) for greening a supply chain. However, this problem is threatened by restricted quantitative information, the specific context of the organisation, lack of prior experience and varying supplier backgrounds. In this paper, we propose a fuzzy integrated Multi-Criteria Decision-Making approach for investigating and prioritising GSDPs. The approach is developed by integrating fuzzy Decision-Making Trial and Evaluation Laboratory (DEMATEL), fuzzy Analytic Hierarchy Process (AHP) and Technique for Order of Preference by Similarity to Ideal Solution (TOPSIS) methods. First, fuzzy DEMATEL is applied to determine the main green factors, then the fuzzy AHP method is used to acquire the local weights of criteria, and finally, the GSDPs are prioritised based on the green factors by fuzzy TOPSIS. The proposed approach is employed to estimate GSDPs of the painting companies. The outcomes indicate that 'requiring ISO 14,000 certification for suppliers? and 'building top management commitment for suppliers for green supply practices' have the highest and lowest impact on improving the environmental performance of suppliers, respectively. It is also concluded that 'green procurement' measure has the highest effect on prioritising the GSDPs."
"AB The forward reverse logistics network design is an important and strategic issue due to its effects on efficiency and responsiveness of a supply chain. In practice, it is needed to formulate and solve real problems through efficient algorithms in a reasonable time. Hence, this paper tries to cover real case problem with a multi-objective model and an integrated forward/reverse logistics network design. Further, the model is customized and implemented for a case study in gold industry where the reverse logistics play crucial role. A new solution approach is applied for the proposed 7-layer network of the case study and the solutions are achieved in order solve the current difficulties of the investigated supply chain. This paper seeks to address how a multi objective logistics model in the gold industry can be created and solved through an efficient meta-heuristic algorithm. A green approach based on the CO2 emission is considered in the network design approach. The developed model includes four echelons in the forward direction and three echelons in the reverse. First, an integer linear programming model is developed to minimize costs and emissions. Then, in order to solve the model, an algorithm based on ant colony optimization is developed. The performance of the proposed algorithm has been compared with the optimum solutions of the LINGO software through various numerical examples based on the random data and real-world instances. The evaluation studies demonstrate that the proposed model is practical and applicable and the developed algorithm is reliable and efficient. The results prove the managerial implications of the model and the solution approach in terms of presenting appropriate modifications to the mangers of the selected supply chain. Further, a Taguchi-based parameter setting is undertaken to ensure using the appropriate parameters for the algorithm. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Since its appearance in the 1990s, horizontal collaboration (HC) practices have revealed themselves as catalyzers for optimizing the distribution of goods in freight transport logistics. After introducing the main concepts related to HC, this paper offers a literature review on the topic and provides a classification of best practices in HC. Then, the paper analyses the main benefits and optimization challenges associated with the use of HC at the strategic, tactical, and operational levels. Emerging trends such as the concept of ` green' or environmentally- friendly HC in freight transport logistics are also introduced. Finally, the paper discusses the need of using hybrid optimization methods, such as simheuristics and learnheuristics, in solving some of the previously identified challenges in real- life scenarios dominated by uncertainty and dynamic conditions."
"AB We present a robust location-routing approach that considers simultaneous decisions on routing vehicles and locating charging stations for strategic network design of electric logistics fleets. In this approach, we consider uncertain customer patterns with respect to the spatial customer distribution, demand, and service time windows. To solve large-sized instances as well as instances considering a high number of scenarios, a (parallelized) adaptive large neighbourhood search is presented. We derive new benchmark instances for the proposed problem class with different degrees of uncertainty and evaluate the performance of our algorithm. Results are presented for a real-world application case and are compared to results of different deterministic modeling approaches. Based on these results, the benefit of a robust planning approach with regard to operational feasibility and savings in overall costs is analyzed for the underlying planning problem, and managerial insights are derived. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB The implementation of milk-run in Indonesia has been started since 2005. As a developing country, there is a challenge to operate milk-run smoothly especially in urban area due to severe traffic congestion and unfavourable road condition in some areas. This research aimed to analyze the practice of milk-run operation in one of the biggest Japanese automotive companies in Indonesia. Transportation Value Stream Mapping (TVSM) is applied in order to perform just-in-time delivery in the supply chain before operating milk-run. It is discussed that this company still need to continue in improving milk-run operation. The operation system needs control and integration from manufacturer, supplier and logistics partner. The advantage of milk-run operation is cast reduction and also support green logistics in decreasing emission of carbondioxide (CO2) by reducing the number of trucks used."
"AB Sustainable development, logistics, and supply chain are being combined into three increasingly connected and topical global research areas. Therefore, this paper's novelty identifies and defines the priorities of the UN Sustainable Development Goals and sustainable development dimensions in supply-chain- and logistics-management-related studies in the last decade. Knowing logistics and supply chain sustainability focus and orientation is valuable information for researchers and managers to adapt and mitigate their business logistics according to the forecasted trends. The paper provides a systematic and comprehensive review of the literature and is based on 116 scientific papers published between 2010 and 2020 in 73 international journals in the Scopus and Web of Science databases. The study defines focus with integrating environmental, social, and economic sustainability for logistics- and supply-chain-related studies. It emphasizes primary and secondary links of investigated studies with 17 United Nations sustainable development goals. The bibliometric analysis also examined keyword relations. One of the main contributions is that economic sustainability was identified as the most represented one-dimensional sustainability focus. It was revealed that supply chain studies integrated all three sustainability dimensions more frequently (50.60%) than logistics studies, which were equally related to studying two- or three-dimensions of sustainability (39.39%). The most significant findings are also that studies were identified to be oriented primarily towards ""responsible consumption and production"", ""industry, innovation, and infrastructure"" and ""affordable and clean energy"" and secondary especially on ""sustainable cities and communities""."
"AB Green development is the hot spot of cold chain logistics today. Therefore, this paper converts carbon emission into carbon emission cost, comprehensively considers cargo damage, refrigeration, carbon emission, time window, and other factors, and establishes the optimization model of location of low-carbon cold chain logistics in the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei metropolitan area. Aiming at the problems of the fish swarm algorithm, this paper makes full use of the fireworks algorithm and proposes an improved fish swarm algorithm on the basis of the fireworks algorithm. By introducing the explosion, Gaussian mutation, mapping and selection operations of the fireworks algorithm, the local search ability and diversity of artificial fish are enhanced. Finally, the modified algorithm is applied to optimize the model, and the results show that the location scheme of low-carbon cold chain logistics in Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei metropolitan area with the lowest total cost can be obtained by using fireworks-artificial fish swarm algorithm."
"AB This paper addresses questions of how extant research discourses concerning the sustainability of supply chains contribute to understanding about circularity in supply chain configurations that support restorative and regenerative processes, as espoused by the Circular Economy ideal. In response to these questions, we develop a content-based literature analysis to progress theoretical body of knowledge and conceptualise the notion of a circular supply chain. We derive an archetypal form from four antecedent sustainable supply chain narratives - reverse logistics', green supply chains', sustainable supply chain management' and closed-loop supply chains'. This paper offers five propositions about what the circular supply chain archetype represents in terms of its scope, focus and impact. Novel insights lead to a definition of circular supply chain and a more coherent foundation for future inquiry and practice."
"AB In ecological systems, living organisms are surrounded by a number of chemicals, among which certain portion may be toxic to organisms. Therefore, from the environment-centric point of view, importance of accurate eco-toxicological analyses is increasing day-by-day. Eco-toxicity responses in animals and other organisms against chemicals can be scored by several parameters such as median lethal concentration (LC50) and median lethal dose (LD50), for examples. In the present study, we attempted to perform simulations of eco-toxicological nature of given chemicals based on limited data size (showing apparently incomplete curves of toxicity response) through model experiments performed with green paramecia (Paramecium bursaria) exposed to toxic metal ions, by using practically re-arranged logistic equation and Hill-type equations with an aid by graphical elucidation of Gauss-Newton algorithm determining the constants and/or coefficients."
"AB With the expansion of the study about green logistics, sustainable supply chain management (SSCM) has appeared as a new concept in current economic circumstance. This paper studies the sustainability optimization of enterprise logistics network from a strategic perspective and proposes a multiobjective sustainable logistics optimization model considering three dimensions of sustainability: economy, environment, and society. In this model, the environment factor was measured with a Life Cycle Assessment (LCA) method based on Chinese Life Cycle Database (CLCD), while for social factors, Sustainability Reporting Guidelines (GRI) are utilized to quantify the social performance. Moreover, the model was solved with an adapted version of the alpha-constraint method named augment constraint algorithm (AUGMENCON) through GAMS software. The numerical experiment results of a computer manufacturer supply chain show that the proposed model is able to integrate all dimensions of sustainability and simultaneously prove the capability of AUGMENCON in providing a set of trade-off solutions for the decision makers to make different decisions under different environment and social requirements."
"AB This study explores the relationship among stakeholders, green manufacturing, and practice performance in the fashion business in China and focuses on assisting companies to enhance environmental awareness and green manufacturing practices. We collect research data by developing questionnaires for various Chinese enterprises. A five-point Likert scale is adopted to enable respondents to indicate the extent to which they agree with the items. Through tests and analyses, the questionnaire is validated as reliable, the structural equation model has a good fitting degree, and hypotheses are proved true. Specifically, corporate stakeholders have a significant positive impact on green manufacturing and practice performance, and green manufacturing has a significant positive impact on practice performance in the context of Chinese fashion businesses. Moreover, corporate stakeholders can have a positive impact on practice performance through green manufacturing. We also propose some policy implications, including implementing compulsive policies and regulations and encouraging and establishing preferential policies, such as tax concessions. Moreover, enterprises should actively strive to improve green manufacturing technology and management level to ensure the smooth implementation of green manufacturing practices. To retain sustained earnings and development, green manufacturing should be the bottom line of involved firms. We also emphasize that the importance of corporate stakeholders should be promoted in consideration of enterprises' practice performance and future development."
"AB Green turtles Chelonia mydas and hawksbill turtles Eretmochelys imbricata are negatively impacted by natural and anthropogenic disturbances. Unknown numbers of turtles are killed annually in the coastal waters of Bonaire and Klein Bonaire, Caribbean Netherlands. We used N-mixture models, conventional distance sampling and the multiple Lincoln-Petersen method to estimate abundance from transect-count and net-capture surveys. Maximum likelihood and Bayesian generalised linear models were used to assess trends in annual abundance in 2003-2018, and a Bayesian state-space logistic model was developed to generate the posterior distributions of population parameters and make abundance predictions for 2019-2030. Mean +/- SE annual abundance was 555 +/- 149 green turtles (2.5th and 97.5th percentiles = 337, 943) and 70 +/- 13 hawksbill turtles (49, 101), and there were no trends in western Bonaire and Klein Bonaire in 2003-2018. Mean annual abundance was 348 +/- 135 green turtles (171, 731) and there was a positive trend inside Lac Bay, southeast Bonaire, 2003-2018. Green turtles have higher population growth rate and carrying capacity, and therefore can sustain higher human-induced mortality than hawksbill turtles. However, under low mortality rates (<0.100), both species can fluctuate stably between the lower and upper limits of the carrying capacity. The methodology implemented can be adapted to estimate sea turtle abundance, monitor and model their population dynamics, and assess the negative impact of human-induced mortality in other Caribbean islands."
AB Goal: To evaluate the potential of strategies to promote green corridors of soybean exports from Brazil to China.
"AB This article identifies logistics - the science and practice of managing complex operations and moving goods - as an essential yet overlooked dimension of the alignment of global business and global aid in the UN 2030 Agenda era. Focusing on refugee aid, it draws on qualitative fieldwork with practitioners in the field of humanitarian logistics, active in the partnership environment of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), in five countries (Greece, Jordan, Lebanon, Rwanda and Sweden). The analysis shows how aid workers see profit and non-profit partnerships for humanitarian logistics as a priority in the context of the so-called humanitarian-development nexus. In particular, logistics is considered essential to bring refugee aid in line with emerging standards of sustainability. The article puts forward a twofold argument. First, it shows how sustainability policies prioritize logistical solutions that are based on the integration of the displaced in local and transnational markets, rather than on the delivery of material goods and infrastructures. Second, in a slight departure from existing literature on humanitarian logistics, it argues that the agency of the humanitarian sector, and not just that of the corporate world, is central in the promotion of humanitarian logistics partnerships. The conclusions discuss the ethical and political implications of a humanitarianism increasingly oriented towards supply-chain rationales, in which more sustainable logistics often equates less material aid."
"AB The distribution of goods in urban areas, together with private traffic flows, are among the main sources of energy consumption, air pollution and noise. As a consequence, in the 2000s, several EU cities started to implement logistical solutions for the sustainable city. In this context, this study addresses the implementation of a new eco-logistic system, which serves multiple adjacent cities by using electric vehicles to deliver goods of any type within their urban areas. This paper describes the results of a project developed in the province of Vicenza (northern Italy) and covering the main cities (Bassano del Grappa, Thiene, Schio and Valdagno) in the foothills (the so-called Pedemontana Veneta zone). The eco-logistic system aims to cover the last 50 miles of distribution (typical area of an Italian province) with a centralised platform that performs green deliveries with electric vehicles from/to the downtown areas. A preliminary and extensive ""on field"" analysis by means of door-to-door questionnaires was conducted to identify the performance required by the eco-logistic system. Therefore, the design of such a distribution system is performed to assess and define the conditions that make this solution profitable from both the economic and the environmental perspective."
"AB Lately, concern for green innovation has expanded in the business environment and many companies see it as a helpful element to gain competitive advantage. Due to the strains of maintaining sustainable businesses, mobile commerce companies are propelled to build up their own green innovation programs and harmonize them with the firm's management programs. The central scope of this research is to examine the drivers for green innovation within a range of Romania-based mobile commerce companies that operate in different industries. With the aim of identifying the factors that determine the development of green innovation, a conceptual model has been conceived. The dependent variable within the model is the action of the company's management to develop green innovation. Four independent types of variable structures that have an impact on the development of green innovation in mobile commerce firms were distinguished. The four categories of constructs are business environmental factors (1), green training (2), green supplier development (3), and technological factors (4). An online survey tested the model based on the responses of senior level management representatives from 182 Romanian mobile commerce companies from Bucharest. The validity of the model was fulfilled though factor analysis and reliability tests for the data; a logistic regression analysis was also used to test the research hypotheses. The research revealed that green training embodies the fundamental element enhancing green innovation among Romanian mobile commerce companies. This article benefits both academia and business. Firms could be inspired by the results of this paper to broaden the level of green innovation throughout the Romanian business environment."
"AB Due to increased environmental impacts and their important role in human life, reduction of impacts made by human has attracted more attention, recently. Green supply chains are among the most effective issues related to environmental impacts and increased number of studies in this area verifies this opinion. Transportation fleets transfer products between supply chain's centers and are one of the important factors which increase environmental impacts. Transportation fleets which transfer products between supply chain's centers are one of the important factors which increase environmental impacts while transferring products between centers and waiting in loading queue. Decreasing environmental impacts which are created by transportation fleets, from this point of view, is not investigated comprehensively in forward and reverse logistic supply chains. In order to deal with this gap, in this article a green supply chain with forward and reverse logistic consideration is designed and queuing system is used to optimize the transportation and waiting time of transportation fleets' network. This optimization model will lead to the reduction in environmental impacts. Our network consists of supplier, production system, distribution center, repair center, recycling center, disposal center, and collection center. Returned products from customers are collected in the collection center and transferred to other centers based on their type. Transportation fleets in the network are assumed to be customers of loading system in each center where each of these loading systems has a multi-server queuing system with finite sources. It is assumed that a sufficient number of servers are available in unloading centers, therefore, no queue will exist there. The proposed model will reduce the created environmental impacts and energy consumption of transportation fleets by determining loading, unloading and production rates, which affect waiting and transportation time. A numerical example is discussed for the NLP model in small size and solved with the exact methods. In addition, a metaheuristics approach is employed to solve the large size of problem. Finally, the sensitivity analysis is performed to investigate the effects of change in parameters on model's decision variables and objective function. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of storage temperature fluctuation (TF) (15 +/- 5 degrees C, 15 +/- 1 degrees C, and 15 +/- 0 degrees C) on the ripening quality and antioxidant capacity of mature green tomato. Results indicated that tomato subjected to high TF (15 +/- 5 degrees C) had higher respiration rate and weightlessness rate, earlier ethylene release peak, and developed rapid color transfer greater than that to 15 +/- 0 degrees C. Besides, tomato exposed to high TF (15 +/- 5 degrees C) reveal low lycopene, total phenols, and ascorbic acid content, and inferior activity of superoxide dismutase and catalase later in the storage period. Indicated in this study is the fact that a consistent storage temperature (15 +/- 0 degrees C) helps to delay ripening and the senescence process of mature green tomato, and a good sensory quality and high antioxidant capacity after storage is maintained. Practical applications Storage temperature fluctuation in cold chain logistics of fresh fruits and vegetables is one of the main factors leading to quality loss. In this experiment, the effects of different temperature fluctuations on ripening quality and antioxidant properties of mature green tomato were evaluated. The results showed that the high TF would lead to the abnormal ripening of tomatoes and reduce the ripening quality and antioxidant capacity, while the constant storage temperature had the opposite effect. Operators should ensure as far as possible that the temperature of any link in the cold chain logistics of fresh food is stable, so as to extend the full-ripening time of green mature tomato after harvest, and improve their edible quality and antioxidant capacity."
"AB To ensure environmentally sustainable logistics, organizations need to have an environmentally sustainable logistics performance management (ESLPM) process. In line with supply chain management (SCM) literature, there is a desire towards integrating processes with supply chain partners to increase performance. The purpose of this paper is to propose a framework for ESLPM process integration and to illustrate this framework in practice between buyers and third-party logistics (3PLs) providers. The method used is multiple case studies of three dyads of 3PLs and buyers from the public and private sector. Data were collected through 10 semi-structured interviews. Our major result is a proposed framework with criteria for the degree of ESLPM process integration between buyers and 3PLs. It includes six activities: Selecting environmentally sustainable logistics performance (ESLP) variables, defining ESLP metrics, setting ESLP targets, measuring ESLP metrics, ESLPM feedback, and analyzing ESLP outcomes and processes. It considers suggested operationalization of each activity and the corresponding degree of integration. The framework can provide guidelines for practitioners in identifying current degree of process integration. It may also support decisions regarding actions needed to advance to a higher degree. This framework is the first to address logistics performance management process integration including environmental sustainability."
AB Purpose - The modern business community understands the importance of long-term satisfaction of consumer. Enabling the consumer to return products is a significant part of the equation. The purpose of this paper is to analyze the sustainable boundaries in terms of their relationship toward greening a supply chain.
"AB The responsible management of product return flows in production and inventory environments is a rapidly increasing requirement for companies. This can be attributed to economic, environmental and/or regulatory motivations. Mathematical modeling of such systems has assisted decision-making processes and provided a better understanding of the behavior of such production and inventory environments. This paper reviews the literature on the modeling of reverse logistics inventory systems based on the economic order/production quantity (EOQ/EPQ) and the joint economic lot size (JELS) settings to systematically analyze the mathematics involved in capturing the main characteristics of related processes. The literature is surveyed and classified according to the specific issues faced and modeling assumptions. Special attention is given to environmental issues. There are indications of the need for reverse logistics models' mathematics to follow current trends in 'greening' inventory and supply-chain models. The modeling of waste disposal, greenhouse-gas emissions, and energy consumption during production is considered as the most pressing priority for the future of reverse logistics models. An illustrative example for modeling reverse logistics inventory models with environmental implications is presented ."
"AB Drawing on signaling and greenwashing theories, the objective of this study is to investigate the association between corporate social responsibility (CSR) performance and CSR reporting in the logistics sector. The CSR performance was proxied by the composite ESG (environmental, social, and governance) indicator as well as its three pillars. For this purpose, the data was derived from the Thomson Reuters Eikon database for the years between 2012 and 2018. According to the results, companies with greater CSR performance are more likely to publish a CSR report and companies with greater CSR performance are more likely to publish a higher number of CSR reports. Thus, the results confirm the validity of the signaling theory and reject greenwashing tendency in the logistics sector. Upon findings, we suggest several implications for the logistics sector, academics, firms, and shareholders as well as stakeholders. The proven link between CSR performance-reporting sends very important signals to shareholders and other stakeholders such that the information embedded in the reports reflect the actual realization of CSR practices. (C) 2020 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB The physical Internet (PI, or pi) concept was developed to address the current unsustainability problem of logistics systems. The key physical elements in the PI include pi-containers, pi-nodes, and pi-movers. The pi-containers designed to be world-standard, smart, green, and modular are moved, handled, and stored throughout an open global logistic infrastructure. Meanwhile, the pi-nodes and pi-movers including physical systems and vehicles are designed to exploit as best as possible the characteristics of pi-containers to facilitate material handling processes. Thus, the logistics industry vision is a key player poised to benefit from the Internet of Things (IoT) revolution since millions of pi-containers with contained shipments being moved, tracked, and stored by a variety of the pi-nodes and pi-movers each day. This paper proposes first an information framework enabling IoT of the PI infrastructure and then a service-oriented architecture for the IoT applied for providing the IoT logistics services for the PI. A case study utilizing the architecture is presented to illustrate an efficient management service of logistics operations in the PI."
"AB The logistics played an important role in the economic excellence of any country and region. However, being a major consumer of energy it also has adverse effects. Therefore there is a need to understand the role of logistics from economic and environmental aspects. By grounding on the theoretical foundations of IPAT and STIRPAT, the dataset of the present study is comprised of top Asian countries having 540 observations from the year 2010 to 2018 (quarterly). After applying multiple preliminary tests, including cross-section dependence, unit root tests, and cointegration, the long run and short-run relationship among the studied variables are explored by employing the Cross-sectionally augmented autoregressive distributed lags (CS-ARDL). The study confirms the significance of logistic performance index (LPI) in complementing economic growth (EG) and countering carbon emission (CE) along with the other theoretical determinants of IPAT and STIRPAT. Based on the findings, the results are discussed whereas policy implications are also proposed which states the transformation of existing logistical infrastructure towards more environment friendly operations. Lastly the limitations are discussed, on which future research directions are also recommended."
"AB In this paper, we explore coordination of a sustainable risk-neutral supply chain that faces greening effort dependent demand. We propose a framework for exclusive distribution of sustainability responsibilities in a decentralised setting. We classify decentralised supply chain according to distribution of responsibilities for greening and social efforts. Our study demonstrates that greening and social responsiveness indices simultaneously influence all optimal parameters of a supply chain. We analyse generalised wholesale price and linear two-part tariff contracts for dyadic supply chains with triple bottom line objective. We demonstrate that a decentralised supply chain can be coordinated when the supplier is socially responsible."
"AB In order to reduce the cost pressure on cold-chain logistics brought by the carbon tax policy, this paper investigates optimization of Vehicle Routing Problem (VRP) with time windows for cold-chain logistics based on carbon tax in China. Then, a green and low-carbon cold chain logistics distribution route optimization model with minimum cost is constructed. Taking the lowest cost as the objective function, the total cost of distribution includes the following costs: the fixed costs which generate in distribution process of vehicle, transportation costs, damage costs, refrigeration costs, penalty costs, shortage costs and carbon emission costs. This paper further proposes a Cycle Evolutionary Genetic Algorithm (CEGA) to solve the model. Meanwhile, actual data are used with CEGA to carry out numerical experiments in order to discuss changes of distribution routes with different carbon emissions under different carbon taxes and their influence on the total distribution cost. The critical carbon tax value of carbon emissions and distribution cost is obtained through experimental analysis. The research results of this paper provide effective advice, which is not only for the government on carbon tax decision, but also for the logistics companies on controlling carbon emissions during distribution."
"AB Objective: Green tea consumption has been shown to reduce the incidence of head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC) in experimental animal models, however the results from human studies are inconclusive. The aim of this study was to evaluate the relationship between green tea consumption and the risk of HNSCC."
"AB This paper deals with the Pollution-Routing Problem (PRP), a Vehicle Routing Problem (VRP) with environmental considerations, recently introduced in the literature by Bektas and Laporte (2011) [Transportation Research Part B: Methodological 45 (8), 1232-1250]. The objective is to minimize operational and environmental costs while respecting capacity constraints and service time windows. Costs are based on driver wages and fuel consumption, which depends on many factors, such as travel distance and vehicle load. The vehicle speeds are considered as decision variables. They complement routing decisions, impacting the total cost, the travel time between locations, and thus the set of feasible routes. We propose a method which combines a local search-based metaheuristic with an integer programming approach over a set covering formulation and a recursive speed-optimization algorithm. This hybridization enables to integrate more tightly route and speed decisions. Moreover, two other ""green"" VRP variants, the Fuel Consumption VRP (FCVRP) and the Energy Minimizing VRP (EMVRP), are addressed, as well as the VRP with time windows (VRPTW) with distance minimization. The proposed method compares very favorably with previous algorithms from the literature, and new improved solutions are reported for all considered problems. (C) 2014 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
TI Study on relationship between green logistics activity and logistics
TI The Situation of Offshore Oil Logistics Industry and Transportation
TI The Construction and Evaluation of Green Logistics Ecosystem of
TI An empirical study of the factors influencing the willingness to
TI Aligning the purchase of green logistics practices between shippers and
TI An evaluation method for green logistics system design of agricultural
TI ANALYSIS OF LOGISTICS EFFICIENCY BASED ON GREEN SUPPLY CHAIN
TI Greening propensity and performance implications for logistics service
"TI The relationship among green human capital, green logistics practices,"
TI The Green Vehicle Routing Problem From a Smart Logistics Perspective
TI Study of Green Logistics Managing Potential and the Preparedness of Auto
TI Green Logistics Development Decision-Making: Factor Identification and
TI Green Logistics: conceptualization and directions for practice
TI Analysis on the location of green logistics park based on heuristic
TI A Blockchain-Based Framework for Green Logistics in Supply Chains
TI GREEN SUPPLY CHAIN PERFORMANCE AND ENVIRONMENTAL SUSTAINABILITY: A PANEL
"TI Green logistics, economic growth, and environmental quality: evidence"
TI A literature review on environmental concerns in logistics: trends and
TI Intention to Use Sustainable Green Logistics Platforms
TI How Green Consumption Value Affects Green Consumer Behaviour: The
TI Internalization of negative external cost of green logistics and
TI Research on green decision making of pharmaceutical logistics
TI Does national scale economic and environmental indicators spur logistics
TI What influences the effectiveness of green logistics policies? A
TI GREEN LOGISTIC PRACTICES: A THEORETICAL APPROACH OF THE THEME
TI Green Logistics: A System of Methods and Instruments - Part 2
TI CONTRACT COORDINATION FOR GREEN LOGISTICS CAPABILITIES INVOLVING THE
TI Green Logistics: Element of the Sustainable Development Concept. Part 1
TI Heterogeneity of Green TFP in China's Logistics Industry under
"TI THE RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN GREEN SUPPLY CHAIN PERFORMANCE, ENERGY DEMAND,"
TI Green Logistics: The Way to Environmental Sustainability of Logistics.
TI Greening up in logistics: Managerial perceptions of small and
TI The Adoption of Green Vehicles in Last Mile Logistics: A Systematic
TI LEAN AND GREEN PARADIGMS IN LOGISTICS: REVIEW OF PUBLISHED RESEARCH
TI The Green Logistics Impact on International Trade: Evidence from
TI Exploring financial performance and green logistics management
TI Green efficiency performance analysis of the logistics industry in
TI Green Logistics - Improving the Environmental Sustainability of
TI Green Logistics in the Context of Sustainable Development in Small and
TI CONSTRUCTION INNOVATION OF URBAN GREEN LOGISTICS CENTERS FOR
TI Green Logistics in Slovak Small and Medium Wood-Processing Enterprises
TI Synergies and misalignments in lean and green practices: a logistics
TI Green logistics - modern transportation process technology
TI Factors that collaborate for the development of green logistics in
TI IMPORTANCE OF REVERSE LOGISTICS SERVICES AS AN ANTECEDENT FOR BUILDING A
TI An 'Internet of Things' enabled dynamic optimization method for smart
TI Environmental Sustainability in Third-Party Logistics Service Providers:
TI Joint optimization of logistics infrastructure investments and subsidies
TI A comparative analysis of green logistic activities in German and
TI The circular economy of LCD panel shipping in a packaging logistics
TI Corporate environmental management A review and integration of green
TI ESTABLISHING A COMBINED FORECASTING MODEL: A CASE STUDY ON THE LOGISTIC
"TI Environmental, social and economic growth indicators spur logistics"
TI Green initiatives for logistics service providers: An investigation of
TI Examining the effect of green human capital availability in adoption of
TI Study on the Effect of Environmental Regulation on the Green Total
TI Spatial Distribution of Energy Consumption and Carbon Emission of
TI The relationship between environment and logistics performance: Evidence
TI Factors Affecting Green Supply Chain Operational Performance of the Thai
TI Implications of Green Logistics Management on Sustainable Business and
TI Analysing the institutional pressures on shippers and logistics service
TI Green logistics in food distribution - a case study
TI RESEARCH ON EVALUATION INDEXES OF GREEN AND ECOLOGICAL LOGISTICS BASED
TI INNOVATIONS IN GREEN LOGISTICS IN SMART CITIES: USA AND EU EXPERIENCE
TI Lean and green in the transport and logistics sector - a case study of
TI The Impact of Green Logistics-Based Activities on the Sustainable
"TI Green supply chain management, economic growth and environment: A GMM"
TI Multimodal Green Logistics Network Design of Urban Agglomeration with
TI Green logistics solutions
TI Determinants of green logistics in BRICS countries: An integrated supply
TI Nexus between green logistic operations and triple bottom line: evidence
TI Analyzing alternatives for green logistics in an Indian automotive
TI Evaluating environmental sustainability strategies in freight transport
TI Green and Reverse Logistics in Conditions of Sustainable Development in
TI Analysing Green Forward-Reverse Logistics with NSGA-II
TI The greening of transport and logistics systems of regional agricultural
TI SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPEMENT IN LOGISTIC - A STRATEGY FOR MANAGEMENT IN
TI Industry 4.0 and the circular economy: Resource melioration in logistics
TI Green logistics performance and sustainability reporting practices of
TI Organizational and regulatory stakeholder pressures friends or foes to
"TI Green warehousing, logistics optimization, social values and ethics and"
"TI The role of green logistics management practices, supply chain"
TI Green Logistics Service Supply Chain Games Considering Risk Preference
TI Antecedents of Adopting Corporate Environmental Responsibility and Green
TI A methodologically sound survey of Chinese consumers' willingness to
TI Transport spatial model for the definition of green routes for city
TI Developing the WH2 framework for environmental sustainability in
TI The Right to A Clean Environment: Considering Green Logistics and
TI EVALUATION OF GREEN LOGISTICS SYSTEM OF SOLID WASTE AT PORTS BASED ON
TI Study on Benefit Coordination of Supply Chain Network Based on Green
"TI Examination of environmentally friendly ""green"" logistics behavior of"
TI Unravelling collaboration mechanisms for green logistics: the
"TI Does ""replacing business tax with value-added tax"" promote the energy"
TI Fujitsu Group's Green Logistics
TI The development of a decision support framework for a quantitative risk
TI THE CONTRIBUTION OF GREEN LOGISTICS AND SUSTAINABLE PURCHASING FOR GREEN
TI An extended fuzzy TOPSIS-GRA method based on different separation
"TI To Green or Not to Green: A Political, Economic and Social Analysis for"
TI Measuring the gaps between shippers and logistics service providers on
TI Green Transportation Logistics: The Quest for Win-Win Solutions
TI Integration of logistics and cloud computing service providers: Cost and
TI Green Logistics Outsourcing Employing Multi Criteria Decision Making and
TI Developing IT-enabled performance monitoring system for green logistics:
TI PERSPECTIVES OF APPLICATION OF INNOVATIVE RESOURCE-SAVING TECHNOLOGIES
TI The effects of reverse logistics on cost control abilities: an insight
TI Attribute selection with application to recommender systems for green
TI Optimization of Green Fresh Food Logistics with Heterogeneous Fleet
TI Assessing the driving forces for greening business practices: Empirical
TI Research on Green Logistic Network Planning in Modern Manufacturing
TI Barriers regarding environmental sustainability in civil construction
"TI Green Supply Chain Management, Environmental Degradation, and Energy:"
TI Integration of logistics outsourcing decisions in a green supply chain
TI Comparative bibliometric study between reverse logistics and green
TI Smart box-enabled product-service system for cloud logistics
TI Multi-objective optimization for creating a low-carbon logistics system
TI Does green and sustainable engagement benefit online platforms in supply
TI Sustainability Appraisal: Quantitative Methods and Mathematical
TI The impact of reverse logistics onto green supply chain competitiveness
TI An Empirical Study on Low-Carbon: Human Resources Performance Evaluation
TI An analysis of keywords used in the literature on green supply chain
"TI Behavioural choice of governments, enterprises and consumers on"
TI A green vehicle routing model based on modified particle swarm
TI Partner selection for reverse logistics centres in green supply chains:
TI Environmental sustainability in the service industry of transportation
TI A Survey of Critical Success Factors in the Implementation of Reverse
TI A New Extension of the ELECTRE Method Based Upon Interval Type-2 Fuzzy
TI Customer pressure and green innovations at third party logistics
TI Colour image encryption based on logistic mapping and double
TI Technology- and logistics-induced carbon emissions obstructing the Green
TI A green ideology in Asian emerging economies: From environmental policy
TI Developing a framework for evaluating sustainability index for logistics
TI GREEN SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT
TI Reverse logistics pricing strategy for a green supply chain: A view of
"TI ""This Port Is Killing People"": Sustainability without Justice in the"
TI Resource allocation optimization in incentive policies on green supply
TI GREEN LOGISTICS IN E-COMMERCE
"   Methods: Both computer-assisted telephone interviews (CATI) and computer-assisted web interviews (CAWI) were applied to gather data. In total, 592 correctly completed questionnaires were received - 200 records from CATI and 392 interviews using CAWI. The Pearson correlation coefficient was used to determine the relationship between the variables. Results: The empirical study confirmed the relationship between green logistics, satisfaction, and loyalty. This means that the more attention online retailers pay to green delivery (parcel lockers, pick up drop off points, click & collect), packaging (environmentally friendly materials and sizing of the packaging) and returns (returnable packaging, return of used products), the more satisfied and willing to buy from the same retailers again the customers are."
"TI The Internet of Things for Logistics: Perspectives, Application Review,"
TI Solving the green-fuzzy vehicle routing problem using a revised hybrid
TI Green's Function of the Linearized Logarithmic Keller-Segel-Fisher/KPP
TI An approach to assess logistics and ecological supply chain performance
TI Green Transportation and Logistics Performance: An Improved Composite
TI Consumers' influence on the greening of distribution - exploring the
TI LEARNING FROM EXPERIENCES IN SUSTAINABLE TRANSPORT PRACTICE: GREEN
TI Going green? Investigating the relationships between proactive
TI Cost management in green logistics: analysis in an agro-industry
TI Propensity of green consumption behaviors in representative cities in
TI Extending green supply chain management activities to manufacturing
TI Optimization of the multi-objective green cyclical inventory routing
TI Synergy Degree Evaluation Based on Synergetics for Sustainable Logistics
TI Managing operations by a logistics company for sustainable service
TI Measuring carbon performance for sustainable green supply chain
TI Research on ecological logistics evaluation model based on BCPSGA-BP
TI Pursuing supply chain sustainable development goals through the adoption
TI A Color Image Encryption Technique Based on Bit-Level Permutation and
TI Institutional Theory and Environmental Pressures: The Moderating Effect
TI CONCEPTS OF GREEN PORT OPERATIONS - ONE KIND OF SELF DIAGNOSIS METHOD TO
TI Green Logistics Outsourcing Employing Multi Criteria Decision Making and
TI Environmental friendly route design for a milk collection problem: the
TI Green innovative strategy of logistics enterprises based on hotelling
TI Trends and New Challenges in the Green Supply Chain: The Reverse
TI E-TRAINING ON GREEN LOGISTICS IN THE AGRI-FOOD SECTOR
TI Adoption of Automatic Warehousing Systems in Logistics Firms: A
TI The Impact of Green Supply Chain on Enterprise Performance: In the
TI Green supply chain management practices and third-party logistics
"TI Technology Characteristics, Stakeholder Pressure, Social Influence, and"
TI Selecting green third party logistics providers for a loss-averse fourth
TI Effect of Green Practices on Organizational Performance: An Evidence
TI A review on green supply chain aspects and practices
TI Pollution optimisation study of logistics in SMEs
TI Promoting low carbon agenda in the urban logistics network distribution
TI A two-stage layout method for functional areas in logistics park
TI GREEN ECONOMY AND THE REVERSE LOGISTICS OF WASTE ELECTRICAL AND
TI De-greening of logistics? - Why environmental practices flourish and
TI SPATIOTEMPORAL EVOLUTION OF GREEN TOTAL FACTOR PRODUCTIVITY OF CHINA'S
TI Carbon Emission Management System of Port Logistics based on Internet of
TI Improved Spring Vegetation Phenology Calculation Method Using a Coupled
TI MULTI-PRODUCT MULTI-PERIOD INVENTORY ROUTING OPTIMIZATION WITH TIME
TI Current strategic planning for sustainability in international shipping
TI The Role of Technological Innovation in a Dynamic Model of the
TI Environmental alignment between logistics service providers and shippers
TI Green supply chain management practices: Multiple case studies in the
TI A Pareto investigation on critical barriers in green supply chain
TI Green supply chain management in small and medium enterprises: Further
TI Green logistics - measures for reducing CO2
TI Optimization of Location-Routing Problem for Cold Chain Logistics
TI Evaluating and Prioritizing the Green Supply Chain Management Practices
TI Performance measurement system and strategies for developing low-carbon
TI Fuzzy AHP-TOPSIS approaches to prioritizing solutions for reverse
TI Carbon footprint adaptation on green supply chain and logistics of
TI Associating the motivation with the practices of firms going green: the
TI A New Solution for City Distribution to Achieve Environmental Benefits
TI Is the supply chain ready for the green transformation? The case of
TI Research on the Measuring Performance of Green Supply Chain Management:
TI Internalizing negative externalities in vehicle routing problems through
TI Integration of logistics outsourcing decisions in a green supply chain
TI Environmental sustainability of logistics service provider: an ANP-QFD
TI Reverse Logistic Strategy for the Management of Tire Waste in Mexico and
TI Effect of carbon tax on reverse logistics network design
TI Container Terminal Logistics Generalized Computing Architecture and
TI The effect of a competitive strategy and green supply chain management
TI Power shifts and relationship quality improvement of producer-retailer
TI To Green or Not to Green Trucking? Exploring the Canadian Case
TI USING A NOVEL METHOD TO EVALUATE THE PERFORMANCE OF HUMAN RESOURCES IN
TI A New TS Algorithm for Solving Low-Carbon Logistics Vehicle Routing
TI The hiearchical resource nature of green logistics competency
TI Environmental Sustainability in the Follow-Up and Evaluation Stage of
TI An integrated fuzzy sustainable supplier evaluation and selection
TI A new logistics model for increasing economic sustainability of
TI Multi-objective optimization of petroleum product logistics in Eastern
TI The heterogeneous green vehicle routing and scheduling problem with
TI How Customers of Small and Medium Wood-processing Slovak Enterprises
TI A Performance Evaluation Study of Human Resources in Low-Carbon
TI Statistical error model comparison for logistic growth of green algae
"TI Strategies on Pricing, Greenness Degree, and Carbon Emission Reduction"
TI Green Logistic Provider Selection with a Hesitant Fuzzy Linguistic
TI Does transportation size matter for competitiveness in the logistics
TI Green logistics and national scale economic indicators: Evidence from a
TI Greening ports and maritime logistics: A review
TI Sustainable Green Product Adoption Test Using Logistic Regression:
TI A Role of Quality in Creating a Green Supply Chain
TI Is lean synergistic with sustainable supply chain? An empirical
"TI Examining the Interconnections Between Sustainable Logistics Practices,"
TI LOCATION AND PATH OPTIMIZATION OF GREEN COLD CHAIN LOGISTICS BASED ON
TI Vehicle routing problem in cold Chain logistics: A joint distribution
TI Fuzzy Linear Programming Models for a Green Logistics Center Location
TI Measuring Sustainable Performance among Logistic Service Providers in
TI Vehicle Routing Problem in Reverse Logistics with Split Demands of
TI Research on economic benefits of multi-city logistics development based
TI Swarm intelligence applied in green logistics: A literature review
TI Italian Maritime Economy and the EU Green Deal
TI Parcel delivery in urban areas: Opportunities and threats for the mix of
"TI The nexus between carbon emissions, poverty, economic growth, and"
TI On the mathematical modeling of green one-to-one pickup and delivery
TI Green supply management and performance: a resource-based view
TI A Multi-Dimensional Approach of Green Marketing Competitive Advantage: A
"TI ANALYSIS OF THE REALITIES, EVOLUTION AND PROSPECTS OF URBAN GREENING"
TI Shippers' opportunities to increase load factor: managing imbalances
TI SUSTAINABILITY AS A SUCCESS FACTOR IN GLOBAL OPERATIONS: A SURVEY OF CAR
"TI How to Coordinate Economic, Logistics and Ecological Environment?"
TI Addressing the Differences in Farmers' Willingness and Behavior
TI Environmental management: the role of supply chain capabilities in the
TI Performance evaluation of green supply chain management using integrated
TI Integration performance statistics of green suppliers based on fuzzy
TI Green intermodal freight transportation: bi-objective modelling and
TI COMMUNITIES OF PRACTICE AND QFD METHOD FOR GREEN LOGISTICS IN THE
TI A Systematic Literature Review of Green and Sustainable Logistics:
"TI What drives visitors to tourist sites to choose ""green"" accommodation"
TI Multi-objective optimization for the green vehicle routing problem: A
TI THE CONTRIBUTION OF GREEN PRACTICES IN HUMANITARIAN LOGISTICS ON
TI Green supply chain flow analysis with multi-attribute demand in a
TI An improved logistic method for detecting spring vegetation phenology in
TI Collaborative distribution optimization model and algorithm for an
TI Fuzzy inventory model for deteriorating items in a green supply chain
TI Innovation research on operation mode of small and medium chemical
TI The Impact of Green Supply Chain Practices in Business Performance:
TI Linking capabilities to green operations strategies: The moderating role
TI An evaluation of logistics policy enablers between Taiwan and the UK
TI A novel method for green delivery mode considering shared vehicles in
TI Inclusive Green Innovation Environment Evaluation Index: A Study of the
"TI Relationship among Reverse Logistics, Corporate Image and Social Impact"
TI How the Principles of Green Chemistry Changed the Way Organic Chemistry
TI Green Packaging from Consumer and Business Perspectives
TI A novel multi-objective model for green forward and reverse logistics
TI The effect of urban green space on uncertainty stress and life stress: A
TI Mixed fleet based green clustered logistics problem under carbon
TI Research on Two-Way Logistics Operation with Uncertain Recycling Quality
TI Third-party logistics providers (TPLs) and environmental sustainability
TI Influence of Collaborative Agglomeration Between Logistics Industry and
TI Assessing the benefits of horizontal collaboration using an integrated
TI Local communities' perceptions and use of urban green infrastructure in
TI Theory and Realization of Secondary Task Assignment for Multi-UAV Pickup
TI Environmental impact assessment for city logistics distribution systems
TI Study on the growth curve of the internal cavity of 'Dwarf green'
TI Is tourism really affected by logistical operations and environmental
TI Environmental sustainability initiatives adopted by logistics service
TI A green home health care supply chain: New modified simulated annealing
TI The four facets of self-collection service for e-commerce delivery:
TI RESEARCH ON COLD CHAIN RISK CONTROL OF FRESH AGRICULTURAL PRODUCTS
TI To greener pastures An action research study on the environmental
TI A multi-objective model for multi-product multi-site aggregate
TI Effects of Go-Green Campaigns on Changing Attitude Towards Green
TI Comparative Evaluation of Three Sugarcane Supply Strategies in Colombia:
TI BIOLOGICAL RISK ANALYSIS OF GREEN LAND IN CHINA
TI Green manufacturing supply chain design and operations decision support
TI Influence of Green Practices on Organizational Competitiveness: A Study
"TI Can ""Cleaned and Greened"" Lots Take on the Role of Public Greenspace?"
"TI Measuring the impact of renewable energy, public health expenditure,"
TI Spatial-Temporal Distribution Characteristics and Driving Mechanism of
TI The Pressure for Reverse Logistics Adoption among Manufacturers in
"TI The Role of Seaports in Green Supply Chain Management: Initiatives,"
TI A Geometrical Structure-Based New Approach for City Logistics System
TI ECO-LABELING AND SUSTAINABLE URBAN FREIGHT TRANSPORT: HOW MUCH ARE
TI Analyzing Service Quality Evaluation Indexes of Rural Last Mile Delivery
TI Application and Research of Analytic Hierarchy Process in Green GDP
TI Spatial-temporal evolution and influencing factors of total factor
TI Reducing carbon emissions from collaborative distribution: a case study
TI The Environmental Assessment on Chinese Logistics Enterprises Based on
TI Feasibility study of China's foreign trade transformation and upgrading
"TI Monitoring, modeling and harvest management of non-native invasive green"
TI Low-Carbon Warehousing: Examining Impacts of Building and
TI The contingency effects of internal and external collaboration on the
TI OPTIMAL LOCATION AND SIZE OF LOGISTICS PARKS IN A REGIONAL LOGISTICS
TI A robust optimization model for green regional logistics network design
TI Characterization of the development stages and roles of nutrients and
"TI A mathematical model for scheduling of transportation, routing, and"
TI Logistic and environmental quality
"TI Optimal delivery strategies considering carbon emissions, time-dependent"
TI A Novel Multi-Objective Model for the Cold Chain Logistics Considering
TI Urban Freight Transport Planning towards Green Goals: Synthetic
TI Analyzing start-up time headway distribution characteristics at
TI Nonlinear regression and plot size to estimate green beans production
TI A probability guided evolutionary algorithm for multi-objective green
TI Design and optimisation of a green manufacturing-recycling network
TI A 2D logistic map and Lorenz-Rossler chaotic system based RGB image
TI DRY PORT AS A LEAN AND GREEN STRATEGY IN A CONTAINER TERMINAL HUB: A
TI The effect of collaboration and IT competency on reverse logistics
TI Construction of Green Supply Chain for Organic Products
TI Green marketing and consumerism as social change in China: Analyzing the
TI How does knowledge seeking and knowledge generation promote green supply
TI Identify Efective factors green supply chain in Automotive Parts Company
TI An extension of Green's area theorem
TI Regional multimodal logistics network design considering demand
TI Prediction of mountain landslide susceptibility and influencing factors
TI Developing a Green Route Model for Dry Port Selection in Vietnam
TI Green supply chain management in food retailing: survey-based evidence
TI Collection and distribution of returned-remanufactured products in a
TI Influence of Green Spaces on Outdoors Thermal Comfort-Structured
TI Standards as a controlling mechanism: Methods and effects of carbon
TI A fuzzy-TOPSIS approach to enhance emergency logistics supply chain
"TI Lean, Green and Clean? Sustainability Reporting in the Logistics Sector"
TI Analyses of Logistics Network Design With the Consideration of Carbon
TI Maritime green supply chain management: its light and shadow on the
TI THE IMPACT OF TERRORISM ON ECONOMICS AND LOGISTICS PERFORMANCE: AN
TI Trends of Environmentally Sustainable Solutions of Urban Last-Mile
TI REVERSE LOGISTICS: AN ANALYSIS OF PUBLISHED ARTICLES AT THE SPELL BASE
TI LOGISTICS SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY: UNDERSTANDING AND DEVELOPMENT OF THE
TI Green decision-making model in reverse logistics using FUZZY-VIKOR
TI Green decision-making model in reverse logistics using FUZZY-VIKOR
TI Lean and green combine to impact environmental and operational
TI THE CURRENT CONTEXT OF LEAN AND SIX SIGMA LOGISTICS APPLICATIONS IN
TI A multi-objective model for the green capacitated location-routing
TI Exploring the motivation-behavior gap in urban residents' green travel
TI Optimization of Conventional and Green Vehicles Composition under Carbon
TI Feature extraction of hyperspectral images for detecting immature green
TI Evaluation of logistics providers for sustainable service quality:
TI GREEN SUPPLY CHAIN CONSTRUCTION AND MANAGEMENT STRAGEGY FOR
TI Massive-scale graph mining for e-commerce cold chain analysis and
TI The Role of Reverse Logistics in the Transition to a Circular Economy:
TI Fault-tolerant system design on cloud logistics by greener standbys
"TI Blockchain Practices, Potentials, and Perspectives in Greening Supply"
"TI Examining the inter-relationship among competitive market environments,"
TI Green supply chains: A perspective from an emerging economy
"TI The green bullwhip effect, the diffusion of green supply. chain"
TI Private vehicle-based crowdshipping for intercity express
TI Pricing and greening decisions of competitive forward and reverse supply
TI Application of Fuzzy Delphi TOPSIS to Locate Logistics Centers in
TI Proactive environmental strategy and performances of third party
TI Validation of a Mathematical Model for Green Algae (Raphidocelis
TI Consuming Green Tea at Least Twice Each Day Is Associated with Reduced
TI Factors affecting the use of urban green spaces for physical activities:
TI GREEN SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT IN GREEN HOSPITAL OPERATIONS
TI Color image encryption by using Yang-Gu mixture amplitude-phase
TI Transportation CO2 emission decoupling: An assessment of the Eurasian
TI Supply chain perspective on competitive strategies and green supply
TI Evolution of green shipping research: themes and methods
TI DESIGNING A MULTI-PRODUCT MULTI-PERIOD SUPPLY CHAIN NETWORK WITH REVERSE
TI A GIS-based green supply chain model for assessing the effects of carbon
TI Coordinating a Green Agri-Food Supply Chain with Revenue-Sharing
TI It's hard to be green: Reverse green value chain
TI Green Closed-Loop Supply Chain Network under the COVID-19 Pandemic
TI Developing a Sustainable Logistics Service Quality Scale for Logistics
TI Data to assess the effect of moral identity on green consumption
TI A Supply Chain Perspective on Green Packaging Development-Theory Versus
TI Planning the City Logistics Terminal Location by Applying the Green
TI Competencies of logistics operators for optimisation the external costs
TI Environmental logistics performance indicators affecting per capita
TI Exploring stop-go decision zones at rural high-speed intersections with
TI THE IMPACT OF GREEN SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT PRACTICES ON PERFORMANCE:
TI Green Space and Physical Activity in Pregnant Women: Evidence From the
TI Environmental and economic assessment of fresh fruit supply chain
TI Environmental sustainability in shipper-LSP relationships
TI A block recombination approach to solve green vehicle routing problem
TI An ISM-based approach analyzing interactions among variables of reverse
"TI A Scientometrics Review on City Logistics Literature: Research Trends,"
TI Modeling the Influence of Public Risk Perceptions on the Adoption of
TI What affect consumers' willingness to pay for green packaging? Evidence
TI Brazilian logistics practitioners' perceptions on sustainability: an
TI Pythagorean fuzzy combined compromise solution method integrating the
TI The impact of green experience on customer satisfaction: evidence from
TI Mapping Interactions among Green Innovations Barriers in Manufacturing
TI Improving the Operational Efficiency of Parcel Delivery Network with a
TI Honey and green/black tea consumption may reduce the risk of
TI Green Collar Workers: An Emerging Workforce in the Environmental Sector
TI Drivers of maritime green supply chain management
"TI Environmental management systems, practices and outcomes: Differences in"
TI Urban Green Space Perception and Its Contribution to Well-Being
TI Collaborative logistics network: a new business mode in the platform
TI How selection of collaborating partners impact on the green performance
TI Sustainable third-party reverse logistic provider selection with fuzzy
TI General reference model and overall frameworks for green manufacturing
TI Effects of different green manure treatments on soil apparent N and P
TI ANALYSIS OF THE CURRENT LOGISTICS AND TRANSPORT CHALLENGES IN THE
TI PREDICTORS OF BEHAVIOR INTENTION TO DEVELOP A GREEN UNIVERSITY: A CASE
TI Measuring Sustainability Performance: A Green Supply Chain Index
TI Proposed Green Development Reporting Framework for Enterprises from a
TI A Novel Image Encryption using Memetic Differential Expansion based
TI State of green marketing research over 25 years (1990-2014) Literature
TI Occupational Psychosocial Hazards Among the Emerging US Green Collar
TI Optimizing the green open vehicle routing problem with time windows by
TI THE ROLE OF LOCAL FOOD PRODUCTION TO REDUCE FOOD LOSSES AND IMPROVE
TI A multi-objective model to configure an electronic reverse logistics
TI Environmental Externalities Score: a new emission factor to model green
TI A mixed-integer linear programming approach for circular economy-led
TI An improved failure mode and effect analysis method for multi-criteria
TI Optimization and incorporating of green traffic for dynamic vehicle
TI Hydrogenation of aromatic and heteroaromatic compounds - a key process
TI Visualizing evaluation model of human perceptions and characteristic
TI Green port marketing for sustainable growth and development
TI Optimizing for total costs in vehicle routing in urban areas
TI Effects of flashing green on driver's stop/go decision at signalized
TI Individually Optimized Commercial Road Transport: A Decision Support
TI PATH OPTIMIZATION OF COLD CHAIN DISTRIBUTION WITH MULTIPLE DISTRIBUTION
TI Risk Assessment and Monitoring of Green Logistics for Fresh Produce
TI Is environmental sustainability a strategic priority for logistics
TI Location Selection of Urban Distribution Center with a Mathematical
TI Evaluation and governance of green development practice of port: A sea
TI GREEN JOBS CREATION - MAIN ELEMENT IN THE IMPLEMENTATION OF BIOECONOMIC
TI Suppliers' green performance evaluation using fuzzy extended ELECTRE
TI Does Residents' Satisfaction with the Neighbourhood Environment Relate
TI A robust-heuristic optimization approach to a green supply chain design
TI Toward the Internet of Things for Physical Internet: Perspectives and
TI A mixed-integer model for the implementation of postponement strategies
TI The mediating effect of green innovation on the relationship between
TI TRANSLATING THE CONWAY'S GAME OF LIFE AS A DISCRETE LOGISTIC CELLULAR
TI A fuzzy TOPSIS method for performance evaluation of reverse logistics in
TI Cooperative Business Structures for Green Transport Corridors
TI Developing environmentally sustainable logistics Exploring themes and
TI The relationship between downstream environmental logistics practices
TI Designing a sustainable integrated forward/reverse logistics network
TI Online Consumers' Satisfaction in Self-Collection: Value Co-Creation
TI A system dynamics modeling on wind grid parity in China
TI A genetic algorithm for fuzzy random and low-carbon integrated
TI Exploring correlations in components of green supply chain practices and
TI Robust aggregate production planning in a green supply chain under
TI A review of recent advances in the operations research literature on the
TI Sustainability in supply networks: finding the most influential green
TI Low-dose green tea intake reduces incidence of atrial fibrillation in a
TI Low carbon warehouse management under cap-and-trade policy
TI Green Human Resource Management and Green Supply Chain Management:
TI Green Space and Depression during Pregnancy: Results from the Growing Up
TI Environmental Performance Indicators for Green Port Policy Evaluation:
TI How Perceived Adequacy of Open Public Space Is Related to Objective
TI Managerial perceptions of energy in logistics An integration of the
"TI Neighbourhood green space, perceived stress and sleep quality in an"
TI Industry 4.0 and circular economy: Operational excellence for
TI Toward greener membranes with 3D printing technology
TI Multiobjective capacitated green vehicle routing problem with fuzzy
TI Sustainability Outcomes of Green Processes in Relation to Industry 4.0
TI An energy-efficient green-vehicle routing problem with mixed vehicle
TI Diffusion of green products in industry 4.0: Reverse logistics issues
TI Green supply chain network optimization and the trade-off between
TI Electric Vehicle Routing Problems with Stochastic Demands and Dynamic
TI Routing and collection load decisions in a green logistics system for
TI Performance Comparison of Two Recent Heuristics for Green Time Dependent
TI Consumers' values and behaviour in the Brazilian coffee-in-capsules
TI Green logistics location-routing problem with eco-packages
TI Green vehicle routing and scheduling problem with heterogeneous fleet
TI ADOPTION LEVEL OF GREEN PRACTICES AND ITS EFFECT ON EMPLOYEE'
TI An Integrated Approach to Evaluating and Selecting Green Logistics
TI Exploring the Role of Corporate Social Responsibility Practices in
TI The impact of big data analytics and artificial intelligence on green
"TI Power Struggles on Urban Green Spaces in Kumasi, Ghana: Implications for"
TI Green supplier development programmes selection: a hybrid fuzzy
TI Developing an ant colony approach for green closed-loop supply chain
"TI Horizontal collaboration in freight transport: concepts, benefits, and"
TI Strategic planning of electric logistics fleet networks: A robust
TI CONTROL AND INTEGRATION OF MILK-RUN OPERATION I N JAPANESE AUTOMOTIVE
TI Sustainability Orientation and Focus in Logistics and Supply Chains
TI Application of FWA-Artificial Fish Swarm Algorithm in the Location of
TI In search of a circular supply chain archetype - a
TI Expanded and Practical Use of Logistic Equations in Eco-Toxicity
TI Sustainable Logistics Network Modeling for Enterprise Supply Chain
"TI Stakeholders, green manufacturing, and practice performance: empirical"
TI Green and hawksbill turtle abundance and population dynamics at foraging
TI EVALUATION OF GREEN TRANSPORT CORRIDORS OF BRAZILIAN SOYBEAN EXPORTS TO
"TI More logistics, less aid: Humanitarian-business partnerships and"
"TI New City Logistics Paradigm: From the ""Last Mile"" to the ""Last 50 Miles"""
TI The Influence of Romanian Mobile Commerce Companies on Developing Green
TI A green closed loop supply chain design using queuing system for
TI Constant temperature during postharvest storage delays fruit ripening
TI Environmentally Sustainable Logistics Performance Management Process
TI Using interpretive structure modeling to analyze the interactions
TI Design and development of a model and optimal planning for supply chain
TI Is corporate social responsibility reporting a tool of signaling or
TI An Information Framework for Internet of Things Services in Physical
TI The role of logistics performance for sustainable development in top
TI Supply chain channel coordination with triple bottom line approach
TI Optimization of Vehicle Routing Problem with Time Windows for Cold Chain
TI Is there any association between green tea consumption and the risk of
TI A matheuristic approach for the Pollution-Routing Problem
