"AB This paper proposes a concept of green institutional environment and constructs a green institutional environmental index through ordered logistic model. Based on this, taking 92 renewable energy listed enterprises in China from 2007 to 2016 as sample, it investigates the effect of green institutional environment on renewable energy investment with semiparametric method and further discusses how the effect works. The results show that, first, there is a nonlinear (""U-shaped"") relationship between green institutional environment index and renewable energy investment. It indicates that when green institutional environment is in the initial stage of development, it cannot promote renewable energy investment, but produces an inhibitory effect; however, when the green institutional environment develops to a certain level, it will significantly promote renewable energy investment. Second, green institutional environmental index consists of green credit, government subsidies and environmental taxes. When the green credit and government subsidies develop to certain levels, they will promote renewable energy investment, however, when government subsidies exceed a certain level, it may produce a negative impact on renewable energy investment, and effect of the green institutional environment on renewable energy investment is mainly reflected through green credit; besides, increasing environmental taxes can promote renewable energy investment in sample intervals. Third, the impact of green institutional environment on renewable energy investment of large enterprises is more significant than that of medium-, small-, and micro-sized enterprises; however, the impact of government subsidies on renewable energy investment is mainly embodied in medium-, small-, and micro-sized enterprises. Fourth, during a period of high volatility (2012-2015), relationship between the green institutional environment and renewable energy investment (inverted ""U-shaped"") are different from that of 2007-2016. It indicates that the implementation of policies has increased the volatility of the level of the green institutional environment, which may lead to a negative impact on renewable energy investment. (C) 2020 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB This paper studies the green vehicle routing problem with simultaneous pickup and delivery (G-VRPSPD). It aims to minimize fuel consumption costs while satisfying customer pickup and delivery demands simultaneously. The fuel consumption is directly proportional to green house gas emissions. We mathematically formulate the problem, and develop a hyper-heuristic (HH-ILS) algorithm based on iterative local search and variable neigh-borhood descent heuristics to effectively solve the problem. Extensive computational experiments are conducted to analyze the impact of the G-VRPSPD and the HH-ILS. We investigate the effect of green objective function on total fuel consumption cost by comparing the G-VRPSPD with the VRPSPD. We perform comparative analysis to investigate the performance of HH-ILS. We also conduct sensitivity analysis to investigate the performance of neighborhood structures, hyper heuristic and local search. The results show that the green objective function has a significant effect on total fuel consumption cost. The HH-ILS algorithm yields competitive results when compared with the mathematical formulation and the state-of-the-art heuristics in the literature."
"AB In this study, we mainly aimed to explore the associations of personal and socio-demographic factors, and the supply of green areas and built sports facilities with green exercise (GE). We also compared the residents of the core urban area and suburban areas according to the level of leisure time physical activity (LTPA) they had. A population-based sample of 3730 adults (aged 25-101 y) from Finland, filled out a questionnaire in 2015. Variables describing the supply of green areas and built sports facilities were objectively calculated. The green areas were classified into small (< 25 ha), middle-sized (25-150 ha) and large (> 150 ha) areas to reflect their qualities for GE. The data analysis methods included multinomial logistic regression, t-, and Chi Square tests. Our results indicate that having a short distance to at least a middle-sized green area and high nature relatedness are important for participation in GE, both in core urban and suburban areas. More factors were found to be related to GE in the suburban areas compared to core urban areas and among the low LTPA compared to the high LTPA group."
"AB The blood platelets are a highly perishable product that requires accurate management. The concept of going green has become a necessity nowadays. The environmental concepts have been integrated in the supply-chain management in this study to design a complex multi-stage green supply-chain management of a highly perishable blood product. The main objective of this study is to minimize duplication by successful decision-making about locationallocation of blood facilities and develop an efficient network for blood platelet collection and distribution. This study incorporates green practices into the design of a dynamic supply chain management in the field of healthcare to reduce carbon emissions and ensure green platelet collection and delivery, while reducing the overall dynamic green supply chain costs. In addition, the proposed model helps to identify and determine candidate locations for blood services to meet patient demands and to build an effective network. The model is evaluated and validated through computational tests, while taking a specific case study in South Korea into consideration. The numerical results show that by managing waste generation the dynamic green supply chain can make a big difference to the environment. (C) 2020 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Environmental topics have gained much consideration in corporate green operations. Globalization, stakeholder pressures, and stricter environmental regulations have made organizations develop environmental practices. Thus, green supply chain management (GSCM) is now a proactive approach for organizations to enhance their environmental performance and achieve competitive advantages. This study pioneers using the decision-making trial and evaluation laboratory (DEMATEL) method with intuitionistic fuzzy sets to handle the important and causal relationships between GSCM practices and performances. DEMATEL evaluates GSCM practices to find the main practices to improve both environmental and economic performances. This study uses intuitionistic fuzzy set theory to handle the linguistic imprecision and the ambiguity of human being's judgment. A case study from the automotive industry is presented to evaluate the efficiency of the proposed method. The results reveal ""internal management support"", ""green purchasing"" and ""ISO 14001 certification"" are the most significant GSCM practices. The practical results of this study offer useful insights for managers to become more environmentally responsible, while improving their economic and environmental performance goals. Further, a sensitivity analysis of results, managerial implications, conclusions, limitations and future research opportunities are provided. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Purpose The paper consists of a literature review about the green supply chain management (GSCM), a concept which has been gaining ground around the organizations worldwide. The traditional supply chain (SC) was forced to evolve in GSCM as an option for companies to improve their economical, operational and environmental performance. The purpose of this paper is to highlight how green practices (GP) have a powerful dependence to the SC execution from companies around the world. A GP can be briefly defined as the actions being consciously done being responsible to the environment. Design/methodology/approach The paper is exploratory. The topic was delimited through a review of similar papers, analyzing the different type of tools and the GP considered in each paper. For last, a conclusion will be exposed. Findings The ""green movement"" within the SC is increasing fast around the world, since the increasing awareness of industrialized countries are recurring in practices that impact directly to the environment. Therefore, costs of extra energy consumption are generated, as well as the imminent worrying reputation among customers due to the lack of responsibility to the environment. Originality/value This paper covers not only strategies related to GSCM and GP from European and Asian countries are approached, but also Latin American performance, exposing briefly the adoption of GSCM."
"AB This study aims at identifying the key agile, lean, resilient and green practices that influence capability of cold supply chain (CSC) using Interpretive Structural Modelling (ISM) technique. Various measures of lean, green, resilient, and agile practices in CSC were identified from previous studies and experts' opinions. Contextual relationships between practice measures were established via brainstorming session. Measures were then classified based on their driving and dependence powers. The results showed that measures of lean, green, resilient, and agile practices in CSC can be organized in a six-level structural model. Moreover, highly dependent measures at top level in CSC model are operational costs and customer satisfaction, whereas the highly driving at most bottom level of this model are ISO 14001 implementation and government support system for green cold supply chain. Validity of CSC model was assessed in three CSC firms; food, pharmaceutical, and Third Party logistics firms. In conclusion, measures emerging with higher driving power and those with high dependence in ISM hierarchy contribute significantly to enhancing capability of CSC. The proposed ISM may support decision makers in prioritization improvement efforts and achieving effective CSC."
"AB This study aims to understand how relationship quality (top management support and relational governance) influences upstream Green Supply Chain Integration (GSCI) through supplier development. It also examines whether green drivers (customer and cost drivers) moderate the relationship between supplier development and upstream GSCI. The data used in this study are part of the international survey of high-performance manufacturing. Structural equation modeling is applied to 285 samples collected from ten countries. The results show that supplier development fully mediates the relationship between top management support and upstream GSCI and partially mediates the relationship between relational governance and upstream GSCI. Additionally, both cost and customer drivers are found to significantly moderate the relationship between supplier development and upstream GSCI. This study contributes to theory and practice by combining and balancing the interests of suppliers in green integration, examining the enablers of upstream GSCI, and testing the contingent effect of supplier development on upstream GSCI. (C) 2018 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB The supply chain management literature has investigated myriad barriers to implementing green supply chain management (GSCM). However, little research has analyzed the role of capabilities to mitigate such barriers, a research gap we address in this study using an inductive research approach. Following a Straussian approach to grounded theory, the study analyzes data generated from ten Western green-tech companies sourcing technically indispensable rare earth metals from Chinese suppliers. Our interpretive research findings show that these companies face two categories of salient, external barriers to GSCM-supply chain structure-related and environmental standards-related implementation barriers. To cope with these barriers, we argue that firms require three categories of dynamic capabilities: sensing capabilities, alignment capabilities, and resilience capabilities. By connecting our research findings with the dynamic capabilities literature, we derive theoretical propositions to guide further research on studying the role of dynamic capabilities in the implementation of GSCM."
"AB A well-established distribution network is fundamental to the sound management of the green supply chain. To adapt to the market demand and policies for green products, it is urgent to build an efficient and rational logistic distribution network for the green supply chain. Many researchers have tried to design distribution networks through the coordinated optimization of the green supply chain, in the light of realistic situation. However, there are very few optimization models that consider all kinds of influencing factors. To solve the problem, this paper attempts to establish a coordinated optimization model of the complex system of the green supply chain distribution network (GSCDN). Firstly, the authors plotted the structure and game logic of the GSCDN and defined the upper limit of sales induced by the limited production capacity of producers. Secondly, the coordinated optimization conditions were configured for the distributor layer, producer layer, and market demand layer, and a coordinated optimization model was set up for the complex system. Finally, the contractual coordinated optimization mechanism was detailed for the complex system under the profit-sharing contract. The proposed model and solving algorithm were proved valid through experiments."
"AB In this study invertebrate infestation in green turtle (Chelonia mydas) nests were recorded for the first time for Kazanly beach, Mersin, Turkey. For this aim, in 2006 nesting season, 294 natural intact green turtle nests were sampled to examine their contents and invertebrate infestation was found in 76 (25.85% of the total sampling green turtle nests). These infested nests were examined in terms of the invertebrate faunal composition. The specimens found in the green sea turtle nests were identified to order, family or genus levels and they were represented in 5 orders. These invertebrate groups are Elater sp. larvae (Elateridae; Coleoptera), Pimelia sp. larvae (Tenebrionidae; Coleoptera), Enchytraeidae (Oligochaeta), Cyrptostigmata (Acari), Oniscidae (Isopoda), Formicidae (Hymenoptera). Elater sp. was the most common invertebrate group in the green turtle nests. According to student t test, we found statistically significant differences between 7 independent variables and invertebrate species presence. Furthermore, logistic regression analysis explained that there is a negative relationship between hatching success rate and invertebrate species presence."
"AB In recent years, Reverse Logistics has received increasing attentions in supply chain management area. The reasons such as political, economic, green image and social responsibility etc. force firms to develop strategies to their current systems. The aim of this study is to propose a generic Reverse Logistics Network Design model under return quantity, sorting ratio (quality), and transportation cost uncertainties. We present a generic multi-echelon, multi-product and capacity constrained two stage stochastic programing model to take into consideration uncertainties in Reverse Logistics Network Design for a third party waste of electrical and electronic equipment recycling companies to maximize profit. We validated developed model by applying to a real world case study for waste of electrical and electronic equipment recycling firm in Turkey. Sample average approximation method was used to solve the model. Results show that the developed two stage stochastic programming model provides acceptable solutions to make efficient decisions under quantity, quality and transportation cost uncertainties. (C) 2015 Published by Elsevier B.V."
"AB The present paper is devoted to modeling and solving the inventory and production planning in a four-echelon supply chain (SC) with reverse logistics, from supplier to after-sales service center and repair center. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first scientific attempt for modeling and resolving the inventory and production planning in an SC with reverse logistics that the problem is modeled by a disturbance optimal control problem (OCP). Both recycling and reworking are assumed in the reverse logistic. There was a disturbance because we considered the demand time-dependent. From the former points the presented model is so close to the real-world problem in the field of SC. The Pontryagin minimum principle is applied to reformulate the OCP into a system of equations. In continuous, the system of equations is solved by an artificial neural network. In the final step, an example and a case study are presented to depict the performance and validity of the model and the method."
"AB Green and environmental practices are considered critical to enhancing firm innovation and performance. Previous research has not fully explained how and why buyers collaborate with suppliers in green practices. This study aimed to verify the driving effects of stakeholders and the underlying mechanism in buyer-supplier collaboration. Questionnaires were used to collect empirical data from selected purchasing managers in listed Taiwanese electronics firms. Structural equation modeling was used to analyze the collected data and proposed model. Customer pressure and top management commitment are found to have a positive influence on buyer-supplier collaboration. Competitor pressure and regulatory pressure indirectly affect buyer-supplier collaboration through the mediating effects of customer pressure and top management commitment. However, green investment pressure does not significantly influence top management commitment and buyer-supplier collaboration. The results suggest that customers can leverage the pressure exerted by competing suppliers by bargaining with their current suppliers to improve collaboration with second-tier suppliers."
"AB The sugarcane harvest often requires migrant workers when there is insufficient supply of domestic workers or harvest machines. The recruitment of migrant workers is a long process, and the decision maker (DM) needs to determine the number of workers before the yield uncertainty is revealed. The prior distribution can be estimated from historical yields. During the sugarcane growing season, the DM can dynamically update the initial estimate of yield distribution. For this purpose, a stochastic logistics model with dynamic yield prediction is formulated. The model determines the flow of migrant workers from sources to sugarcane fronts in order to maximize the total expected contribution, subject to the worker availability constraint at each source. With respected to yield distribution, the expected contribution is defined as the expected revenue from green and burnt cane, minus the cost of labor, the cost of transporting workers from a source to a sugarcane front, and the cost of updating yield distribution. Under certain conditions, the optimization problem becomes convex programming, and a closedform optimal solution can be obtained. In a general case, three heuristic solutions are proposed, and their performances are evaluated in a numerical example: The optimality gap is less than 0.07 percent in a small example. The proposed method is applied to a case study of sugarcane harvest in 46 provinces in Thailand. The monetary value of the dynamic yield prediction is found to be 1.9 million THB, which can be used to justify the investment in yield prediction and precision agriculture technology to reduce the variability of the agricultural yield."
"AB The biorefinery concept associated with pulp mills, which already have the infrastructure and logistics to handle large volumes of forest biomass, appears to be one of the best options for the valorization of lignocellulosic biomass. This work investigates alternatives to the partial recovery of the hemicelluloses present in wood, by a green liquor extraction stage prior to kraft pulping of eucalyptus chips. The aim is to obtain an extract rich in hemicelluloses suitable for use as feedstock in the production of bioethanol without modifying the quality of the cellulose pulp produced. Different green liquor charges (0-6 %), several temperatures (100-165 A degrees C), and reaction times (30-150 min) were studied with a constant liquor-to-wood ratio of 3.5. The best results are obtained at 155-160 A degrees C for 150 min and working with a green liquor charge of 2 %. At these conditions, 2.9-3.2 % of xylose and 3.0-3.4 % of acetic acid are obtained from wood."
"AB Purpose The purpose of this paper is to explore green packaging from the process dimension. Specifically, it focuses on understanding the behavior of costs associated with installing green packaging infrastructure."
"AB Supply chains are composed of multiple stakeholders who have complex interrelationships. In addition, the forward and reverse flow of materials, information, human resources, and finance occurs among different stakeholders in closing the loop of supply chains. Reverse logistics (RL) activities are gaining importance in terms of size and quantity due to both economic and environmental concerns. These flows in RL in supply chains are both dynamic and complex in nature. Further, the environmental impact of RL activities has barely been considered in holistic way in available literature. In this study, a system dynamics model has been developed to analyze and comprehend the green performance of RL activities by predicting the environmental impact of RL activities. The proposed model has been validated by a case study in the context of a food supply chain. In the company where the case study is carried out, the environmental effects of RL activities have been analyzed. These activities in a food supply chain in terms of CO2(carbon dioxide), NOx(nitrogen oxide), SO2(sulfur dioxide), and PM (particulate matter) emissions have been predicted through a system dynamics model for the years 2020 to 2024. The proposed methodology is applied in a food supply context, a major player in retail business, especially in emerging economies. According to our findings, the RL activities in a food supply chain can significantly contribute to green performance management by minimizing food waste and loss; hence, the environmental impacts of such activities should be closely examined from a managerial perspective."
"AB This paper proposes an economic/environmental evaluation of several reverse logistics scenarios for collecting packaged food waste from the retail chain of Emilia-Romagna region (Italy), shipping it to a set of distribution centres for storage and to a treatment facility for reprocessing, with the aim to divert it from disposal of in landfill sites to alternative channels. The economic analysis employs a theoretical model developed in a previous study, which determines the optimal number of facilities in the network and the routing of vehicles that will visit the retail stores to collect the wasted food, returning the total logistics cost as output. Compared to the previous study, in this paper the real location of the stores is taken into account in the assessment. An environmental analysis is also carried out using the life cycle assessment methodology. The results show that collecting the whole amount of wasted food, although expensive in terms of transport cost, is the preferable option in environmental terms. (C) 2019 Institution of Chemical Engineers. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB Background The current study explored the association between green space and depression in a deprived, multiethnic sample of pregnant women, and examined moderating and mediating variables."
"AB Effective adoption and implementation of green initiatives in greening a supply chain are threatened by several risks. Hence, investigating appropriate responses to mitigate risks is needed by most companies. The aim of this study is to propose a new approach for prioritizing the risks of Green Supply Chain (GSC) in a fuzzy environment. For this purpose, a fuzzy Multi-criteria Decision-Making (MCDM) approach is proposed for which, a systematic methodology is conducted by integrating a fuzzy decision-making trial and evaluation laboratory (DEMATEL) and fuzzy technique for order of preference by similarity to ideal solution (TOPSIS). The proposed approach makes the use of fuzzy DEMATEL in order to evaluate the weights of risk criteria. Then, the responses of GSC' risks are assessed and ranked based on six main risk categories and 12 criteria. To highlight the real-life applicability of the proposed approach, an empirical case study is conducted."
"AB Peanut (Arachis hypogaea L.) is an important crop for United States agriculture and worldwide. Low soil moisture is a major constraint for production in all peanut growing regions with negative effects on yield quantity and quality. Leaf wilting is a visual symptom of low moisture stress used in breeding to improve stress tolerance, but visual rating is slow when thousands of breeding lines are evaluated and can be subject to personnel scoring bias. Photogrammetry might be used instead. The objective of this article is to determine if color space indices derived from red-green-blue (RGB) images can accurately estimate leaf wilting for breeding selection and irrigation triggering in peanut production. RGB images were collected with a digital camera proximally and aerially by a unmanned aerial vehicle during 2018 and 2019. Visual rating was performed on the same days as image collection. Vegetation indices were intensity, hue, saturation, lightness, a*, b*, u*, v*, green area (GA), greener area (GGA), and crop senescence index (CSI). In particular, hue, a*, u*, GA, GGA, and CSI were significantly (p <= 0.0001) associated with leaf wilting. These indices were further used to train an ordinal logistic regression model for wilting estimation. This model had 90% accuracy when images were taken aerially and 99% when images were taken proximally. This article reports on a simple yet key aspect of peanut screening for tolerance to low soil moisture stress and uses novel, fast, cost-effective, and accurate RGB-derived models to estimate leaf wilting."
"AB In this paper, we seek to determine what factors drive the adoption of green purchasing among municipalities in Mexico and the success of their implementation. Given the lack of research and theory in the area, this study is exploratory in nature. We applied the green purchasing survey developed by Arizona State University to all municipalities in Mexico with a population of 25,000 or more inhabitants. Using the least absolute shrinkage and selector operator method (LASSO), we reduced the set of measures, which we then employed in a logistic regression to predict whether the municipality would adopt a green purchasing policy. We found that complementary environmental practices, department rules, and city-wide contracts to reduce purchasing costs have a positive and significant effect on the propensity to adopt green purchasing policies, but the time for routine low-cost purchases has a negative effect on green purchasing policy adoption. Then, using two-stage least squares, we developed a model of the factors leading to successful implementation of green purchasing. We found that complementary environmental policies, environmental practices, environmental program knowledge, and city-wide contracts to reduce purchasing costs are positively and significantly related to successful implementation. However, department resources and the time for routine low-cost purchase are significant, but negatively related."
"AB In recent years, due to governmental legislation, environmental groups' pressures, customer green expectation, etc., closed-loop green supply chains have gained paramount consideration. Accordingly, this study develops a novel multi-objective mixed integer nonlinear programming model for a closed-loop green supply chain network design problem. The proposed model aims to minimize the total costs, total CO2 emissions, and robustness costs in both forward and reverse directions, simultaneously. To cope with flexible constraints and epistemic uncertainty in the model's parameters, a robust flexible-possibilistic programming approach is tailored. The model is solved using an efficient interactive solution approach, in which, the presented model is analyzed under various carbon emission mechanisms to assess the influence of these mechanisms on the achieved solution. An illustrative example in the copier industry is also provided to validate the applicability of the presented optimization model. Numerical results indicate the superiority of the carbon cap-and-trade policy in most of the cases."
"AB Green logistics and transportation impose new requirements on distribution planning and flow optimization over complex logistics network. Carbon-dioxide equivalent (CO2e) emission on a road, for instance, depends on the transportation mode and vehicle type selected along the road. The handling cost of a load at a transshipment city also depends on the change of transportation mode and vehicle type from inbound to outbound at the city. Compared with traditional network structure, multi-modal network is characterized by multi-attributes link and dependent transshipment node (in terms of minimizing total cost and emission), which significantly increases problem complexity. This study attempts to address key issues in modeling and analysis of such systems. Analytical models are developed to characterize the problem structure/features explicitly and integrate decisions at single- and multi-objective levels. A set of experiments, designed based on real transportation logistics network, are carried out to verify and validate models' functions, analyze sensitivity of parameters, and evaluate solution convergence behavior. The results indicated that while the problem is NP-hard, solutions via proper analytical models can be derived efficiently for problems of practical scale."
"AB Background: There is increasing awareness of the importance and health benefits of living near green spaces. Research usually focuses on the general population's use of green spaces and there has been little focus on the use of green spaces by specific groups, such as people with mobility disabilities. This represents a significant knowledge gap with regard to facilitating access to healthy green environments by all population groups. This study aims to provide knowledge of the use of green spaces by people with mobility disabilities. Methods: The study was based on data from the Danish Health and Morbidity Survey in 2005. The study participants consisted of 11,238 adult Danes, 383 of whom reported mobility disabilities, meaning that they were dependent on assistive devices for walking or moving around. Multiple logistic regression analysis was used to investigate the association between mobility disability and use of green spaces. Results: The results show that respondents who reported mobility disabilities visited green spaces less often than respondents without mobility disabilities. The severity of the mobility disability was associated with the frequency of visits. Frequency of visits was also related to the respondents' health-related quality of life status. Conclusions: These results highlight the need for further research into the constraints faced by people with mobility disabilities with regard to visiting green spaces."
"AB Studies evaluating the potential for green infrastructure (GI) development using traditional Boolean logic-based multi-criteria analysis methods are not capable of predicting future GI development in dynamic urbanscapes. This study evaluated both artificial neural network (ANN) and adaptive, network-based fuzzy inference system (ANFIS) algorithms in conjunction with statistical modelling to predict green or grey transformation likelihoods for derelict sites (DS) and vacant sites along waterway corridors (WWC) in Manchester based on ecological, environmental, and social criteria. The soft-computing algorithms had better predictive capacity at 72% accuracy versus the 65% of logistic models. Site sizes, population coverage, and air pollution were identified as the main influencers in the potential for site transformation. In Manchester, the likelihood of GI transformation was higher for WWC than derelict sites at 80% versus 60% likelihood, respectively. Furthermore, DS were more likely to transform into grey development based on current trends and urban planning practice."
"AB This article presents a tactical supply chain planning model that can be used to investigate tradeoffs between cost and environmental degradation including carbon emissions, energy consumption and waste generation. The proposed model also incorporates other aspects of real world supply chains such as multiple transport lot sizing and flexible holding capacity of warehouses. A solution methodology, the Nested Integrated Cross-Entropy (NICE) method, is developed to solve the proposed mixed-integer nonlinear mathematical model. The application of the model and solution method is investigated in an actual case problem. Analysis of the numerical results focuses on investigating the relationship between lean practices and green outcomes. We find that (1) not all lean interventions at the tactical supply chain planning level result in green benefits, and (2) a flexible supply chain is the greenest and most efficient alternative when compared to strictly lean and centralized situations. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Background: With rapid urbanization globally, people in cities tend to have fewer opportunities to interact with nature. Some health-promoting green infrastructure may support increased visitation. Objective: To investigate associations between green space visitation and a range of health promoting green infrastructure. Methods: From November 2019 to January 2020, we conducted a population-based cross-sectional study in Shenzhen, China. Patients diagnosed with hypertension aged 35 years or older managed by community health centers for one year were recruited. A stratified multi-stage cluster random sampling method was applied to select a representative sample of 1 158 participants. A well-structured questionnaire was applied to obtain information. Participants were surveyed face-to-face (response rate 96.4 %; n = 1,116 participants) by trained interviewers. Binary logistic regression model was used to analyze the relationship between green space visitation and a range of health promoting green infrastructure. Results: The rate of visiting green space was 87.5 % (976/1,116). The rate of visiting green space for at least 30 min per week was 85.5 % (954/1,116). The rate of visiting green space for at least 120 min per week was 78.2 % (873/1,116). Green space with walking trails [OR(95 %CI): 2.322(1.501,3.591)], group exercise venue [OR(95 %CI): 1.546(1.034,2.312)] mean higher odds of people with hypertension visiting green space. Green space with fitness area availability was positively associated with cumulative green space visitation of 30 min or more a week [OR(95 %CI): 1.652(1.115,2.447)]. Health knowledge promotion area was associated with greater odds of visiting green space at least 120 min per week [OR(95 %CI): 1.529(1.124,2.079)]. Conclusion: Walking trails, health knowledge promotion areas, fitness areas and group exercise venue are associated with higher levels of green space visitation at health-relevant cumulative durations. Our findings have significance for urban greening strategies that aim to maximize population health."
"AB Resource sharing (RS) integrated into the optimization of multi-depot pickup and delivery problem (MDPDP) can greatly reduce the logistics operating cost and required transportation resources by reconfiguring the logistics network. This study formulates and solves an MDPDP with RS (MDPDPRS). First, a bi-objective mathematical programming model that minimizes the logistics cost and the number of vehicles is constructed, in which vehicles are allowed to be used multiple times by one or multiple logistics facilities. Second, a two-stage hybrid algorithm composed of a k-means clustering algorithm, a Clark-Wright (CW) algorithm, and a nondominated sorting genetic algorithm II (NSGA-II) is designed. The k-means algorithm is adopted in the first stage to reallocate customers to logistics facilities according to the Manhattan distance between them, by which the computational complexity of solving the MDPDPRS is reduced. In the second stage, CW and NSGA-II are adopted jointly to optimize the vehicle routes and find the Pareto optimal solutions. CW algorithm is used to select the initial solution, which can increase the speed of finding the optimal solution during NSGA-II. Fast nondominated sorting operator and elite strategy selection operator are utilized to maintain the diversity of solutions in NSGA-II. Third, benchmark tests are conducted to verify the performance and effectiveness of the proposed two-stage hybrid algorithm, and numerical results prove that the proposed methodology outperforms the standard NSGA-II and multi-objective particle swarm optimization algorithm. Finally, optimization results of a real-world logistics network from Chongqing confirm the applicability of the mathematical model and the designed solution algorithm. Solving the MDPDPRS provides a management tool for logistics enterprises to improve resource configuration and optimize logistics operation efficiency."
AB Purpose - The purpose of this paper is to present the state-of-the-art E-commerce logistics in supply chain management by investigating worldwide implementations and corresponding models together with supporting techniques via furniture industry.
"AB Environmentally sustainable activities have received an increasing interest among the firms to improve their practices in the supply chain. Although environmental regulations force firms consider these issues, but, green issues are new, evolving every day, and requires a continuous study in the field to gain a complete understanding of the problems. In this study, we illustrate the case of a laptop manufacturer in Malaysia that pursues to evaluate green supply chain management (GSCM) indicators among its practitioners. This paper develops a quantitative evaluation model to measure the uncertainty of GSCM activities and applies an approach based on Vlsekriterijumska Optimizacija I Kompromisno Resenje (VIKOR) method which is an extension of intuitionistic fuzzy environment aiming to solve the green multi-criteria decision making (GMCDM) problem. The triangular fuzzy numbers (TFNs) were used to handle imprecise numerical quantities. Then, a hierarchical multiple criteria decision making (MCDM) model was proposed based on fuzzy sets theory and VIKOR method to deal with the problem. The results show the alternative ranks of the four evaluated companies which was based on their performance in GSCM initiatives. The results also indicated that the main criteria of the research ranked as follows respectively: eco-design, green production, green purchasing, green recycling, green transportation and green warehousing. Finally, a comparative analysis of results by fuzzy VIKOR is presented. Additionally the scope for future studies is provided at the end of the paper. (C) 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Purpose - The purpose of this paper is to analyze the best way to implement sustainable practices in the Logistics Social Responsibility field. Using the best practices (BPs) approach, the authors have answered the question about how logistics function can take on board the principles of sustainability."
"AB Based on the concept of green logistics development, in order for companies to seek a win-win situation between the economy and the environment, this article integrates the cold chain logistics cost of fresh agricultural products from a low-carbon perspective into the path optimization problem and establishes a mathematical model of cold chain logistics path optimization of agricultural products Internet of Things with the minimum total cost as the research goal. First, a cold chain logistics vehicle path model including the fixed costs of cold chain distribution services, transportation costs, cargo damage costs, refrigeration costs, time penalty costs. carbon emissions costs, and IoT usage costs is established. Secondly, this paper uses the global convergence of the A* algorithm to combine with the ant colony algorithm, the initial pheromone, and uses the wolf colony algorithm principle to improve the pheromone in the ant colony algorithm to avoid falling into the local optimum. he improved ant colony algorithm is used to solve the optimal vehicle path of cold chain logistics. Finally, the simulation results show that the total cost of the cold chain logistics vehicle distribution without joint distribution is 6085.5 yuan, and the total transportation cost under the common distribution mode is 5740.7 yuan, and the total transportation cost is reduced by 6.01%. Compared with the genetic algorithm and the standard ant colony algorithm, the algorithm in this paper can improve the quality of the solution and the convergence speed of the algorithm, and can be applied to cold chain logistics and distribution."
"AB Carbon emissions from the logistics industry have been rising year after year. Correct handling of the relationship between economic development and environmental protection is of great significance to the implementation of green logistics, which is an important component of China's strategy for strong transportation. This paper focuses on the evaluation of the carbon emissions efficiency of logistics industry from a new strong transportation strategy perspective. A super-efficiency slack-based measurement (Super-SBM) model and Malmquist index are combined to evaluate the static and dynamic carbon emissions efficiency of the logistics industry. The results indicate that compared with the SBM model, the Super-SBM model can more effectively measure the carbon emissions efficiency of the logistics industry. Pilot regions for the strong transportation strategy were divided into two categories, namely regions with slow carbon emission growth rates but high efficiency, and regions with high carbon emission growth rates but low efficiency. Some policy recommendations from the strong transportation strategy perspective were proposed to improve the carbon emissions efficiency of the logistics industry, especially for the second category of pilot regions. This study is expected to provide a basis for decision-making for efficient emissions reduction measures and policies, and to encourage the pilot regions to take the lead in achieving the goal of China's strategy for transportation."
"AB Stakeholders play vital roles in the implementation of sustainable last mile logistics solutions. Therefore, the first step in setting up successful sustainable last mile logistics is to conduct stakeholder analysis. This paper analyzes the goals of the stakeholders in the Heijendaal living lab, a city logistics project that uses two hubs for bundling goods to be delivered to the Heijendaal campus in The Netherlands. We use the Theory of Planned Behavior and Policy Deployment to present a qualitative case study, which examines the goals of stakeholders in relation to their roles in the supply chain and in the organization, and if these goals lead to their expected participation behavior. Results show that stakeholders have economic, social, and environmental goals and that some of these goals are prominent within certain groups of stakeholders along the supply chain and within the organization. In addition, the set goals do not always lead to participation behavior of stakeholders due to identified disruptions and habits. This study identifies the importance of information sharing and collaboration within the supply chain, the leading role of middle-level managers in translating strategic to operational goals, and the stimulation of behavioral factors to increase participation of stakeholders in the living lab."
"AB Access to fresh fruits and vegetables is a concern, particularly among low-income populations. Mobile vending is one strategy to expand produce availability and access to increase consumption. In 2008, New York City launched a mobile vending initiative, Green Carts. We report on the evaluation. Three waves of cross-sectional observational surveys of produce availability, variety, and quality were conducted during the summers of 2008, 2009, and 2011 in a stratified random sample of stores and carts comparing establishments in Green Cart neighborhoods (n = 13) with comparison neighborhoods (n = 3). Bivariate analyses for availability, variety, and quality comparing Green Cart and comparison neighborhoods were presented across years, and logistic and negative binomial regressions were used to test whether fruit and vegetable availability, variety, and quality increased in Green Cart compared with comparison neighborhoods, adjusting for clustering and neighborhood demographics. Establishments selling fruits and vegetables in Green Cart neighborhoods increased between 2008 and 2011 (50% to 69%, p <0.0001); there was no comparable increase in comparison neighborhoods. Establishments selling more than 10 fruits and vegetables types increased from 31% to 38% (p = 0.0414) in Green Cart neighborhoods; there was no change in comparison neighborhoods. Produce quality was high among comparison establishments, with 95% and 94% meeting the quality threshold in 2008 and 2011, while declining in Green Cart neighborhood establishments from 96% to 88% (p < 0.0001). Sustained produce availability was found in Green Cart neighborhoods between 2008-2011. Green Carts are one strategy contributing to improving produce access among New Yorkers."
"AB Reverse logistics is a primary component of green supply chain management initiatives and is often analysed from a broad perspective. Rooted in the resource-based view of the firm, this empirical study decomposes reverse logistics into five commonly adopted disposition options (repair, recondition, remanufacture, recycle, and disposal) to examine the effects of using each option on measures of environmental performance, profitability, and sales growth. Considering institutional theory, this study also investigates the moderating role of both regulatory and ownership pressure on the relationship between each reverse logistics disposition option and levels of performance. Using survey data collected from managers at 89 ISO14001 certified electrical and electronic equipment manufacturing firms, regression models test a series of hypothesized relationships. Results suggest that under the presence of institutional pressure, use of disposition options results in increased levels of performance in some cases. The recovery of valuable components during product recondition and remanufacture activities contributes to enhanced environmental and economic benefits. Conversely, product recycling and disposal activities are not necessarily performance-inducing initiatives in the face of regulatory pressures The findings of this study can be used to inform business decisions regarding the adoption and use of reverse logistics strategies. Legislative frameworks regarding extended producer responsibility are recommended in order to motivate the implementation of reverse logistics product disposition activities. (C) 2016 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB This paper investigates the relationship between lean, green and process innovation practices and green supply chain (GSC) performance. Data were collected from 374 manufacturing firms and results analyzed using Structural Equation Modeling (SEM). The findings revealed a synergetic effect between process innovations, green and lean practices, which play a crucial role towards the improvement of GSC performance. In particular, the results suggested that: (1) lean practices such as JIT, set-up time reduction, cellular manufacturing, and waste elimination can significantly contribute to improve GSC performance; (2) green practices including eco-design, life cycle assessment, green manufacturing, reverse logistics, and waste management significantly and positively affect GSC performance; (3) process innovation practices such as fast response to new processes introduced by other companies within the same sector, pioneering disposition to introduced new processes, and number of changes in the process introduced in one year, do not have a direct contribution to improving GSC performance; finally that (4) process innovation amplifies the effect which contributes for lean and green practices to offer a higher payoff rate in terms of GSC performance when these are coupled with process innovation activities. This paper presents an innovative approach since it studies simultaneously the three dimensions of sustainability (environmental, social and economic), the lean, the innovation process and green paradigms, which are considered strategic for supply chain competitiveness. Investigating the relationships between the four strategies is a contribution that the authors hope will become a forward step for promoting sustainability in manufacturing supply chains."
"AB Background and Objectives: Recent observational studies have suggested a positive association of white rice and protective associations of green tea and coffee with the risk of diabetes. However, none have examined the interaction between these dietary factors on the risk of diabetes. We prospectively investigated the effect modification of green tea and coffee on the association between rice and incident diabetes in elderly Japanese men and women. Methods and Study Design: Among subjects who participated in the baseline survey (2004-2007), 11717 (91 %) subjects responded to the follow-up survey (2010-2012). By using multiple logistic regression analysis, ORs of incident diabetes were calculated according to categories of cereal food, green tea, and coffee intakes, examining also the effect modification of green tea and coffee. Results: 464 new cases of diabetes were identified. Women, but not men, showed a positive association of rice intake (trendp=0.008) and an inverse association of green tea intake (trendp=0.02) with incident diabetes. Coffee showed no association with incident diabetes either in men or women. In the analysis stratified by green tea intake, the association between rice and diabetes disappeared among women with an intake of >7 cups/d of green tea (interaction p=0.08). Conclusions: Rice intake was associated with an increased risk of diabetes only in women, and women with a higher intake of green tea had a lower risk of diabetes. A high intake of green tea may be protective against increased risk of diabetes with a higher intake of rice in women."
AB The role of product architecture modularity is commonly in increasing product reusability and minimizing waste. This paper designs a decision support system to determine optimal product architecture modularity in closed loop supply chains. The objective is to investigate if remanufacturing and modular upgrading is appropriate at certain periods and in modules. The optimization model is tested under several production yield scenarios in order to determine manufacturing and remanufacturing capacity and production line scheduling under process yield uncertainty. The implications of product architecture modularity for operations economy of green supply chains are discussed in terms of their theoretical and managerial aspects. (C) 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
"AB This paper aims to simultaneously minimize logistics costs and carbon emissions. For this purpose, a mathematical model for a three-echelon supply chain network is created considering the relevant constraints such as capacity, production cost, transport cost, carbon emissions, and time window, which will be solved by the proposed quantum-particle swarm optimization algorithm. The three-echelon supply chain, consisting of suppliers, distribution centers, and retailers, is established based on the number and location of suppliers, the transport method from suppliers to distribution centers, and the quantity of products to be transported from suppliers to distribution centers and from these centers to retailers. Then, a quantum-particle swarm optimization is described as its performance is validated with different benchmark functions. The scenario analysis validates the model and evaluates its performance to balance the economic benefit and environmental effect."
"AB The transport sector accounts for 25% of the global CO2 emissions. All firms in the transport industry share a responsibility for this environmental impact. This paper explores, as one of the first, the attitude of both shippers and forwarders, as the main purchasers of transport services, towards environmental sustainability in the sourcing of transport services. Based on a literature review we develop several hypotheses and test those through a survey among shippers and forwarders in the Netherlands. We conclude that shippers focus more on sustainability than forwarders, the size of shippers has a positive influence on the demand for transparency of the environmental performance, explicit sustainability targets have a positive influence on the demand for sustainable solutions and the vast majority of shippers and forwarders expect an increased importance of sustainable purchasing."
"AB This Data in Brief article is for Study 3 in the manuscript # JEVP-2018-140 (""The Impact of Moral Identity on Consumers' Green Consumption Tendency: The Role of Perceived Responsibility for Environmental Damage""). It examines whether responsibility for environmental damage mediates the relationship between moral identity and green consumption. The data was collected using lab experiment. Participants were randomly assigned to moral identity-activated condition and moral-identity-not-activated condition. The choice of eco-friendly product relative to conventional counterpart was measured. Responsibility for environmental damage was measured through a six-item scale. 65 American undergraduate students took part in the experiment. Data was analyzed employing SPSS. Logistic regression and mediation analysis were used as statistical tool of analysis. Published by Elsevier Inc."
"AB Adoption of environmental management practices is essential in every industry to satisfy the customers, and environmental regulation policies along with improvement of environmental performance. Environmental practices are not only based on the industry alone, supplier is also one of the partners to improve industries environmental image through supplying environmental friendly products. Selection of a suitable supplier based on environmental criteria is a challenging and difficult task for industries because there are many criteria available for selection of suitable environment friendly suppliers to improve industry environmental image. Industries should know which criterion is the most important for the selection of green supplier. This study investigates and ranks the environmental criteria for the green supplier selection based on expert's judgment in an Indian automobile sector perspective. The analytical hierarchy process is used to rank the criteria."
"AB Few birth cohort studies have examined the role of traffic-related air pollution (TRAP) in the development of infantile atopic dermatitis (AD), but none have investigated the role of preventive factors such as green spaces. The aim of this study was to investigate whether exposure to nitrogen dioxide (NO2) and particulate matter with an aerodynamic diameter of <10 m (PM10) during pregnancy is associated with increased risk of development of AD in 6-month-old children and also to examine how this association changes with residential green space. This study used prospective data from 659 participants of the Mothers and Children's Environmental Health study. Subjects were geocoded to their residential addresses and matched with air pollution data modeled using land-use regression. Information on infantile AD was obtained by using a questionnaire administered to the parents or guardians of the children. The association between infantile AD and exposure to NO2 and PM10 was determined using logistic regression models. We assessed the effects of residential green spaces using stratified analyses and by entering product terms into the logistic regression models. The risk of infantile AD significantly increased with an increase in air pollution exposure during the first trimester of pregnancy. The adjusted odds ratio (OR) and 95% confidence interval (CI) were 1.219 (1.023-1.452) per 10 g/m(3) increase in PM10 and 1.353 (1.027-1.782) per 10 ppb increase in NO2. An increase in the green space within 200 m of residence was associated with a decreased risk of AD (OR = 0.996, 95% CI: 0.993-0.999). The stratified analysis of residential green space revealed stronger associations between infantile AD and PM10 and NO2 exposure during the first trimester in the areas in the lower tertiles of green space. This study indicated that exposure to TRAP during the first trimester of pregnancy is associated with infantile AD. Less residential green space may intensify the association between TRAP exposure and infantile AD."
"AB Geographical distances, logistic problems, and the absence of raw matter, industrial fabric, and know-how prevent many countries from adopting innovative, sustainable, ""green"" systems for high building quality. In order to disseminate these principles through the ""colonization"" of new markets, it is necessary to think how to export those systems that, allthough not locally fabricated, are considered green thanks to other sustainable features. The paper proposes a design method and a production/construction process for the ""exportability of the system"". A hybrid system is proposed as an alternative to conventional construction models that are completely built on-site or prefabricated off-site. The experience of the Solar Decathlon Middle East is presented as case study for this design and build experimentation."
"AB The objective of this paper was to analyze the behavior of environmental and performance variables in the Lean Manufacturing versus Green Manufacturing context in a road freight transportation system. Thus, a survey analysis was carried out by applying a satisfaction questionnaire to evaluate the customers, workers and managers perception concerning some environmental issues. It was verified the possibility for managers to develop different sustainable strategies considering the type of commercial vehicle available in the company, the vehicle age and the eco-driving behavior among drivers. Discrete Event Simulation was also applied to investigate the behavior of typical scenarios of transport operations in the Supply Chain encompassing greenhouse gas emissions and transport time of operation routes. In order to verify which factors most influenced the emissions, an experimental project using simulation models was employed. Investigating the results, it could be seen that the behavior of the transport structures cannot be generalized, as different scenarios had different results on the performance of the Supply Chain when analyzing factors such as Types of delivery fleet, Age of the fleet and Driving style. It was also identified that some simulations that present low emission have greater transport time. Thus, the green consumer behavior will carry greater weight on manager's decisions; this way, actions that meet the lean and green can be established in a way that both practices can add value to eco-efficiency or greater sustainability to the Supply Chain. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB A two-camera fluorescence system for indocyanine green (ICG) signal detection has been developed and tested in a clinical feasibility trial of ten patients, with a resolution in the submillimetre scale. Immediately after systemic ICG injection, the two-camera system can detect ICG signals in vivo (similar to 2.5 mg l(-1) or 3.2 x 10(-6) M). Qualitative assessment has shown that the fluorescence signal does not always correlate with the cancer location in the surgical scene. Conversely, fluorescence image texture metrics when used with the logistic regression model yields good accuracy scores in detecting cancer. We have demonstrated that intraoperative fluorescence imaging for resection guidance is a feasible solution to tackle the current challenge of positive resection margins in breast conserving surgery."
"AB Growing environmental awareness coupled with stricter governmental regulations has fueled the need for integrating sustainability into supply chain and logistics activities. Accordingly, recent studies in the literature have emphasized the significance of environmentally concerned logistics operations (ECLO). Research in the broad area of ECLO encompasses a wide range of topics including sustainable supply chain, green supply chain, closed-loop supply chain, low-carbon logistics, and waste management. In this paper, a comprehensive content analysis and area review is presented. Over 800 papers published between 1994 and 2017 in peer-reviewed journals, proceedings, and book chapters are utilized. These papers are analyzed in consecutive stages after being reviewed under a structural dimension process that addresses the fields of environmentally concerned logistics operations. Following the state-of-the-art review, a detailed analysis of ECLO research with a special emphasis on fuzzy applications is provided. The findings clearly indicate that the fuzzy multi-criteria decision making technique is a frequently used hybrid method, whereas fuzzy sets theory and other fuzzy hybrid techniques identify a gap in the related literature. This paper provides further critical analysis and other research suggestions in order to clarify these gaps and offer additional research perspectives. This information may provide extensive data that will enable future researchers to fill these gaps within this field."
"AB Logistics network is one of the most important parts of supply chains with significant shale in achieving sustainability across them. In this paper, we investigate a new multi-objective mixed integer linear programming model for the design of multimodal logistics network. A bi-objective mathematical model is introduced and two conflicting objectives including the minimization of total cost and the total environmental impact are taken into account. Effective environmental life cycle assessment-based method is incorporated in the model to estimate the relevant environmental impacts. Due to budget constraints, financing decisions for facility construction are considered in the proposed model. To cope with the model objective functions, the augmented epsilon-constraint method is applied. Computational analysis is also provided by using a cement multimodal rail-road logistics network case study to present the significance of the proposed model. Results show that utilizing the proposed multi-period optimization model influences the location of multimodal terminals and their construction time. Also, the results show that the use of the proposed model enhances the efficiency of terminals. On the other hand, computational results indicate that preferences of decision-makers and the importance of environmental objective have significant impacts on the topology of transportation network."
"AB The responsible management of product return flows in production and inventory environments is a rapidly increasing requirement for companies. This can be attributed to economic, environmental and/or regulatory motivations. Mathematical modeling of such systems has assisted decision-making processes and provided a better understanding of the behavior of such production and inventory environments. Therefore, this paper reviews the literature on the modeling of reverse logistics inventory systems that are based on the economic order/production quantity (EOQ/EPQ) and the joint economic lot size (JELS) settings, so as to systematically analyze the mathematics involved in capturing the main characteristics of related processes. The literature is surveyed and classified according to the specific issues faced and modeling assumptions. Special attention is given to environmental issues. In addition, there are indications of the need for the mathematics of reverse logistics models to follow current trends in 'greening' inventory and supply-chain models. Finally, the modeling of waste disposal, greenhouse-gas emissions and energy consumption during production is considered as the most pressing priority for the future of reverse logistics models. An illustrative example for modeling reverse logistics inventory models with environmental implications is presented. (C) 2015 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved."
"AB This study aims to empirically evaluate the effect of low carbonation, crime rate, and logistical infrastructure on tourism and economic development of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) tourist countries through structural equation modeling for the sample period from 2011 to 2019. The proposed model presented six hypotheses among four constructs that suggest that logistic performance and renewable energy consumption positively affect tourism, whereas the crime rate harms tourism in ASEAN countries. As far as the economic growth of ASEAN countries is concerned, it is positively affected by logistic performance, renewable energy, and tourism. Thus, it can be concluded that better ecological conditions with less carbon emission through the use of renewable energy, efficient logistics services and infrastructure, and a peaceful environment with a low-crime rate can boost the tourists' arrival, which in turn would be beneficial for the economy of ASEAN countries."
"AB With the development of green logistics, logistics companies gradually are paying attention to the application of hybrid electric vehicles (HEVs). HEVs have the advantages of low energy consumption and pollution, while their disadvantage mainly lies in their limited continuous driving range. Therefore, it is necessary to optimize the use of fuel during the distribution process. We study the mode selection system in HEVs based on the background of green logistics and the above characteristics of HEVs. The mode selection system can adjust the driving mode of the HEV according to different road conditions to obtain the optimal use of fuel. In this paper, we propose a new study of a hybrid electric vehicle routing problem with mode selection. This problem is formulated as a mixed integer linear programming model. An improved particle swarm optimization algorithm (IPSO) is developed to solve this problem. Extensive numerical experiments are conducted to validate the effectiveness of the proposed model and the efficiency of the proposed solution method. The experimental results show that our proposed algorithm not only obtains the optimal solution for some small-scale problem instances and some medium-scale problems but also solves some large-scale situations (one hundred customers, eleven vehicles, eleven charging stations, eleven gas stations and four modes) within an hour."
"AB The problem of designing a multi-product, multi-period green supply chain network under uncertainties in carbon price and customer demand is studied in this paper. The purpose of this study is to develop a robust green supply chain network design model to minimize the total cost and to effectively cope with uncertainties. A scenario tree method is applied to model the uncertainty, and a green supply chain network design model is developed under the p-robustness criterion. Furthermore, the solution method for determining the lower and upper bounds of the relative regret limit is introduced, which is convenient for decision-makers to choose the corresponding supply chain network structure through the tradeoff between risk and cost performance. In particular, to overcome the large scale of the model caused by a high number of uncertain scenarios and reduce the computational difficulty, a scenario reduction technique is applied to filter the scenarios. Numerical calculations are executed to analyze the influence of relevant parameters on the performance of the designed green supply chain network. The results show that the proposed p-robust green supply chain network design model can effectively deal with carbon and demand uncertainties while ensuring cost performance, and can offer more choices for decision-makers with different risk preferences."
"AB This research continues previous work that developed a framework for calculating carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions specifically for countries in Southeast Asia. The purpose of the present research is to comparatively analyze carbon emissions produced by the transportation and logistics activities of a consumer goods company with factories in Indonesia, Vietnam, Thailand, and the Philippines to better understand the factors driving CO2 emissions generated by the factories. Several steps were conducted for this research: calculating the carbon emissions from the factories in each country, comparing the results, and analyzing the impacts of several factors on the carbon emissions. The factors are the production numbers of each operating factory, the source of emissions related to the distance traveled, and the ratio of road and sea transportation used by the company. This research used three scenarios: data from (1) 2015 and (2) 2018 and (3) the optimal scenario considering the optimal distribution network."
"AB This study investigates the impact of enhanced enterprise resource planning (ERP) on firm performance through green supply chain management, supplier integration, and internal integration. The population is the manufacturer domiciled in East Java, Indonesia, which has implemented ERP and been certified by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) in the environmental management system. Data collection used a questionnaire designed with the five-point Likert scale. Of 243 manufacturers, 150 questionnaires were distributed, and 135 questionnaires are considered valid for analysis. Data analysis used smart PLS software. The result indicated that all eight predetermined hypotheses were supported. Enhanced ERP affects supplier integration, internal integration, and green supply chain management. Internal integration affects green supply chain management and firm performance. Supplier integration affects green supply chain management and firm performance. Green supply chain management affects firm performance. An interesting finding is that green supply chain management, internal integration, and supplier integration mediate the effect of enhanced ERP on firm performance. This study's novelty lies in the research model that analyzes the relationship between the four constructs simultaneously with the green supply chain management, internal integration, and supplier integration as a mediating variable. The research provides an insight for the manager on how to improve the firm performance in supply chain management. This study could also contribute to the current research in supply chain management."
"AB To develop a circular and low-carbon economy, it is important to recycle and reuse office supplies, particularly office paper. We have analyzed the characteristics of office paper reverse logistics and propose an appropriate operation mode: a strategic alliance and third-party reverse logistics union led by a government or non-profit organizations and including office paper producers. We propose a nonlinear integer programming model for determining the locations and numbers of recycling stations and plants, such that the total cost is minimized. A case study of selected sites along the Xueyuan Road in Beijing is used to illustrate the proposed model. Additionally, our sensitivity analyses investigated how the amount of waste office paper, the throughput capacity of recycling stations, and the unit transportation cost affected the optimized results. Our findings provide useful insights for various stakeholders and suggest avenues for further research. (C) 2015 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB The supplier selection problem is one of the most important competitive challenges used by modern enterprises. Due to the fact that companies have to improve their practices in the management of a green supply chain that aims to respect green practices and technologies to increase sustainability, selecting the optimal green supplier is a challenging multi-dimensional problem. While most of the research has focused on the development and improvement of new methods, relatively limited attention has been paid to the identifying sets of criteria and capturing the domain knowledge. This issue is significant because a correctly identified set of criteria plays a vital role in supporting the decision-making process. The approach presented creates a gap between classical assumption of decision making and knowledge-based problem structuring. The current paper presents a methodological and practical background for capturing and handling knowledge about green supplier selection criteria, supported by a formal guideline for their appropriate acquisition. In addressing this research challenge, the aims of this paper are twofold: providing meta-analysis to reveal a collection of key data supported by a formal and trustworthy bibliometric analysis, and capturing knowledge in one place in the form of ontology for enabling selection and evaluation criteria of green suppliers is proposed. The proposed ontology is available for public use."
"AB Qualitative criteria for assessing green supply chain management (GSCM) performance are influenced by uncertainty, essentially due to the vagueness intrinsic to the evaluation of qualitative factors. This paper aims to decrease the uncertainty which is caused by human judgments in the process of GSCM performance evaluation employing linguistic terms and degrees of membership. In this study, a fuzzy set theory approach has been proposed for handling the linguistic imprecision and the ambiguity of human being's judgment. It also pioneers applying the fuzzy inference system for evaluating GSCM performance of companies in terms of green criteria. In the proposed model, human reasoning has been modeled with fuzzy inference rules and has been set in the system, which is an advantage when compared to the models that combine fuzzy set theory with multi-criteria decision-making models. To highlight the real-life applicability of the proposed model, an empirical case study has been conducted. Findings reveal the usefulness of the proposed model in evaluating the performance of companies according to GSCM criteria with human linguistic terms. Findings also indicate that green design and green manufacturing dimensions have the highest impact on company performance. The robustness of the proposed FIS model has been proved with different defuzzification methods."
"AB Background: In recent years, residential green and availability of neighbourhood green spaces came into focus as a potential means to reduce transportation noise annoyance. Literature suggests that various characteristics of residential green may play a role, namely, greenness of the residential areas as quantified by the normalized difference vegetation index (NDVI), visible vegetation from home, and the presence of public green spaces as identified by land use classification data (LU-green), as well as their accessibility and noise pollution (i.e., transportation noise exposure within green areas, how loud/quiet they are). So far, studies mostly focused on road traffic noise in urban areas."
AB Purpose
"AB Competitive landscape, informed consumers and stringent regulations have forced many manufacturing small- and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) to focus on operational efficiency along with sustainability issues in recent years. While many manufacturing organisations have been taking lean initiatives for the past few years for operational excellence, an impulsive rush to adopt lean without a strategic deployment vision has led to scattered implementation of lean tools and projects without desired success. Many researchers and practitioners prescribe value stream mapping as a foundation for lean transformation initiatives; however, little empirical work is available on the symbiosis of lean and green paradigms to reap maximum benefits. This research, through a systematic methodology and a novel tool called Green Integrated Value Stream Mapping (GIVSM), integrates both paradigms in a case study on a U.K. packaging-manufacturing SME. Applying the GIVSM demonstrates that simultaneous deployment of lean and green paradigms have synergistic effect for improving both operational efficiency and environmental performance. In addition, continuous improvement framework with sustainable procurement is proposed to overcome the lean-green misalignments. This study also provides a guiding reference for practitioners to undertake similar improvement projects and identifies opportunities to expand this academic research on integrated lean-green approach into other industry sectors."
"AB Sustainable development is a common global theme of the 21st century. Global environmental issues have attracted increasing public attention in recent years. As one of the most important industries in Taiwan, the automotive industry needs to implement green supply chain management to comply with current trends, and the selection of suppliers of green parts is particularly important in this regard. Supplier selection is a classic case of multiple-criteria decision-making (MCDM). A traditional method, called the decision-making trial and evaluation laboratory (DEMATEL)-based analytical network process (ANP) (DANP), is appropriate to solve the problem of supplier selection. This study proposes a novel variant of DANP, called grey DANP, to effectively reduce the huge problem arising from pairwise comparisons. An empirical study was used to demonstrate the usefulness of the proposed grey DANP. It contributes to finding the key factors of selecting green suppliers for Taiwan's automotive industry, including technology, delivery time, environmental management system and pollution control. The cause-effect relationships among key factors indicate that the environmental management system should be given more attention by manufacturers in the selection of green suppliers."
AB Purpose
"AB Fibropapillomatosis (FP) is a neoplastic disease that can result in debilitating tumors in sea turtles. Initially identified in Florida, USA in 1937, it has since been detected in green turtle Chelonia mydas populations globally. FP was first identified and confirmed in Texas, USA in 2010. No FP tumors were documented in Texas prior to that year, though many green turtles were encountered and examined using standardized procedures since 1980. The present study was undertaken to identify temporal and spatial trends of FP prevalence in Texas since 2010. From 2010 through 2018, 1919 stranded or incidentally captured green turtles were documented with FP in Texas. FP prevalence was significantly correlated with year, hypothermic stunning, geographic region, and turtle size, as determined by logistic regression. FP was documented in <4.0% of the green turtles examined in Texas from 2010 to 2015, increasing to 21.6% in 2016, 27.3% in 2017, and 35.2% in 2018. More than twice as many hypothermic stunned green sea turtles had FP tumors as compared to those that were not hypothermic stunned. In Texas, FP was most prevalent in south Texas, particularly in the Laguna Madre, and associated channels. FP was more prevalent in turtles with straight carapace lengths 40.0-69.9 cm. The impact of this disease on green turtle population recovery in Texas is not yet apparent."
"AB This article analyzes the closures of the retail movie rental chain Family Video. Using a data set of more than 600 Family Video stores, a logistic regression analysis pinpoints the factors associated with the closures of these stores. Large stores, stores with a large surrounding population, and stores in large shopping plazas were more likely to close, whereas stores with food and retail cotenants were less likely to close. The discussion of these results is contextualized within the retail geography literature and future avenues for store closure research are discussed."
"AB Background Green tea has been one of the most popular beverages in China since ancient times. Mixed results concerning the effect of green tea consumption on the incidence of hypertension have been published over the past decades. However, no previous studies have focused on longevous individuals in China and the sex differences in the association between habitual green tea intake and hypertension. Methods The data extracted from the database of the Chinese Longitudinal Healthy Longevity Survey (CLHLS) in 2018 were used for a secondary analysis. Logistic regression models were employed to examine the odds ratio (OR) of daily green tea consumption on the incidence of hypertension by sex. Results A total of 9277 individuals were included in the analysis (39.8% were men). The included individuals had a mean age of 80.9 and 84.8 years for those who drank green tea daily and those who had never, respectively (p < 0.001). The incidence of hypertension varied at baseline according to green tea drinking habit and sex. For women who had a habitual green tea intake or had never drunk green tea, the incidence of hypertension was 47.3 and 43.9%, respectively (p = 0.241), whereas it was 51.6 and 39.7% for men (p < 0.001). After adjusting for potential confounders, a 38% increase in the risk of hypertension was observed in men who consumed green tea daily (OR, 1.38; 95% CI, 1.15-1.67; p < 0.001). Conclusions Chinese longevous men had a 38% higher risk of developing hypertension when drinking green tea daily. However, no effect of green tea consumption on the incidence of hypertension in women was found. More attention should be paid to the lifestyle of longevous individuals for health promotion, and a sex-specific approach to deliver care for very elderly people is warranted."
"AB This paper formulates an integrated framework for deciding about the green supplier selection criteria in food supply chain and also proposes different methods that account for single and multiple sourcing of supplier selection. Green supplier selection relies on green criteria, so determination of suitable set of criteria will affect decision-maker results directly. In this research, an operational model including combination of general and environmental criteria is introduced for green supplier selection criteria in raw material and packaging of food industry. This model reviewed a literature on general and environmental criteria that help us to know and make a set of common green criteria. Afterward, weighting criteria and collecting of sub-criteria are done by an expert team using the Analytic Hierarchy Process and Delphi method. The expert team tried to propose important and practical sub-criteria which are well fitted to food industry. Finally, in the section of supplier selection, two kinds of qualitative and quantitative data are discussed when single and multiple sourcing are required, respectively. Fuzzy Grey Relational Analysis is proposed to ranking suppliers in presence of qualitative and imprecise data. Also linear programming is used to present a model which can select the best suppliers and allocate the orders among them optimally."
"AB To achieve zero carbon or achieving carbon neutrality target is of great importance to many countries around the globe especially post Paris climate agreement. This study, unlike previous studies, evaluates the role of environmental policy, green innovation, composite risk index, and renewable energy R&D in achieving carbon neutrality targets for G7 economies from 1990 to 2019. The results confirmed the validity of the EKC hypothesis for G7 economies. Further, the result shows that environmental policy, green innovation, composite risk index, and renewable energy R&D help control carbon emissions. In contrast, income reveals a positive influence on environmental degradation. Furthermore, bidirectional causality has been reported in environmental policy, composite risk index, green innovation, and the CO2 emissions, while unidirectional causality running from GDP and renewable energy R&D to CO2 emissions. Based on the empirical findings, it is suggested that environmental policies should be strengthened, promote green innovation and renewable energy research and development expenditures, and political stability and institutional quality must be stabilized to lowers sectoral risks that would help a sustainable environment."
"AB This study examined the association of green tea consumption with influenza among Japanese workers in the Kanto and Tokai areas. We conducted a case-control study in a cohort of 4302 workers. Consumption frequency of green tea in 2011 and physician-diagnosed influenza that occurred over the winter season from November 2011 through April 2012 were ascertained using a self-administered questionnaire. Two controls matched by company, sex, and age (and checkup date in one company) were randomly selected for each case. Odds ratio of influenza were estimated by conditional logistic regression. One hundred and seventy-nine cases and 353 controls with complete data were included in the analysis. Green tea consumption was significantly associated with decreased odds of developing influenza; the multivariable-adjusted odds ratio for green tea consumption of >= 5 cups/week was 0.61 (95% CI 0.39-0.95) compared with <1 cup/week (P for trend = 0.028). When analysis was restricted to cases confirmed using a diagnostic kit, the corresponding value was 0.68 (95% CI 0.39-1.18; P for trend = 0.16). Our data suggest that green tea consumption is associated with a lower risk of influenza. The present findings require confirmation in large-scale prospective studies using diagnostic tool for influenza infection."
"AB This study aims to analyze the optimal warehouse layout for agricultural and food collecting centers that help small-medium farms to trade in the short food supply chain, by choosing among longitudinal, transversal, and fishbone layout. The developed model allows for the identification of the warehouse ensuring the least impact through inbound material handling, under both an economic and an environmental perspective. The analysis was carried out by using an analytical model to minimize the travelling time of the goods from picking to delivery area. The model considers the different turnover index from which four hypotheses were formulated to implement the results. The Carbon Footprint (CF) and Management Costs (MCs) were calculated by the picking time performance. Findings: Results show that the optimal warehouse layout can be identified after a careful consideration of the turnover indexes. However, for seasonality, the optimal design might be missed across the seasons. Practical implications: the analysis hereby presented is related to those collecting centers aiming to gather conspicuous amounts of seasonal food."
AB Objective: The purpose of our study was to investigate the association between green tea (Camellia sinensis) drinking habits and risk of stomach cancer in China.
"AB Blue-green alga Spirulina platensis as a cheap biosorbent was tested for its ability to remove a common azo dye, C.I. Basic Red 46 (C.I. BR 46), from contaminated water. Dye biosorption was a quick process and biosorption reaction reached equilibrium within 60 min. The pseudo-first-order, pseudo-second-order, logistic, and intraparticle diffusion models were used for the kinetic evaluation. The logistic model presented the best fit to the experimental data. The biosorption data were analyzed using Freundlich, Langmuir, and Dubinin-Radushkevich isotherm models. Langmuir model fitted better to the equilibrium data than Freundlich model. The maximum dye biosorption capacity was obtained as 25.46 mg g-1 for the biosorbent. Dubinin-Radushkevich model showed that the predominant mechanism of the dye biosorption was likely physical biosorption. This study suggests promising biosorption potential of S. platensis for C.I. BR 46 removal from contaminated effluents. 2015 American Institute of Chemical Engineers Environ Prog, 34: 14141419, 2015"
"AB Recent research shows that the establishment of new parks in historically disinvested neighbourhoods can result in housing price increases and the displacement of low-income people of colour. Some suggest that a 'just green enough' approach, in particular its call for the creation of small parks and nearby affordable housing, can reduce the chances of this phenomenon some call 'green gentrification'. Yet, no study has tested these claims empirically across a sample of diverse cities. Focusing on 10 cities in the United States, we run multilevel logistic regressions to uncover whether the location (distance from downtown), size and function (active transportation) of new parks built in the 2000-2008 and 2008-2015 periods predict whether the census tracts around them gentrified. We find that park function and location are strong predictors of gentrification, whereas park size is not. In particular, new greenway parks with an active transportation component built in the 2008-2015 period triggered gentrification more than other park types, and new parks located closer to downtown tend to foster gentrification more than parks on a city's outskirts. These findings call into question the 'just green enough' claim that small parks foster green gentrification less than larger parks do."
"AB In order to promote green travel and to improve the current condition of traffic jam and air pollution, binary logistic regression model is used in this paper to analyze public participation willingness in shared bicycles and its influencing factors. The results show that the level of public environmental responsibility, the perfection of the public transport system, the safety and health attributes of shared bicycles all have a significantly positive impact on public's participation willingness in sharing bicycles, while the environment crisis awareness of the public has a negative impact on it. Based on the result above, relevant policy suggestions are recommended, it is of great importance to raise public awareness of environmental responsibility, help the public form the perception of root causes of environmental problems, improve the urban public transport system, promote the safety and health index of shared bicycles, strengthen the management of market access and elimination of shared bicycles, so as to maximally enhance the public's participation willingness of green travel."
"AB Emissions from freight transport stem from logistical variables such as vehicle utilisation, fuel efficiency, and distance. The purpose is to determine how shippers' freight transport purchasing processes influence logistical variables. A multiple case study of freight transport purchasing processes was conducted, based on interviews with transport purchasers and providers. Three causes of influence of shippers' purchasing processes on logistical variables were found: specific requirements, network structure of transport providers, and scope of contract. Specifications by purchasers, especially time requirements, influence several logistical variables (mode used', length of haul', load factor', empty running', and fuel efficiency'). This paper clarifies the implications of transport purchasing on CO2 emissions in terms of logistical variables, which are understood in transportation research and practice. It describes the effects of shippers' requirements on transport providers' execution of transport. The results provide a foundation for shippers to discuss their influence on logistical variables with transport providers."
"AB Background: South Africa has a high rate of small to medium enterprises (SMEs) failure, especially in the manufacturing sector. The operational challenges confronting manufacturing SMEs are acknowledged by the Global Competitiveness Index that ranked South African SMEs as one of the lowest in emerging economies."
"AB Application of cetyltrimethylammoniurn bromide (CTAB) modified multi-component biosorbent composed of pine, oak, hornbeam and fir sawdust biomasses was investigated to remove Malachite green (MG) as a model pollutant from aqueous solution. The effects of pH, dye concentration, biosorbent amount and contact time on the biosorption performance were explored in a batch biosorption system. The biosorption isotherm data were analyzed using Freundlich, Langmuir, Sips and Dubinin-Radushkevich models while the kinetic data of biosorption were modeled with the pseudo-first-order, pseudo-second-order, Elovich, logistic and intra-particle diffusion models. These studies showed that Sips isotherm and logistic model fitted well to the dye biosorption data. The maximum biosorption capacity of biosorbent was calculated to be 52.610 mg g(-1) at the optimized conditions. Thus, the CTAB modified multi-component sawdust biomass can be employed as cost effective and ecological friendly biosorbent in the treatment of industrial effluents containing such unsafe pollutants. (C) 2017 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB The evolution of supply chain management, such as green supply chain and sustainable supply chain implementation in the industry, has been a great momentum over the past two decades, particularly from the mid of third industrial revolution to the current fourth industrial revolution. Given this interest, engineering and management scholars have examined various concepts and theoretical developments of green supply chain management (GSCM), especially during the past decade. The purpose of this paper, therefore, is to critically review the extant literature on pressures, practices, and performance of GSCM. The paper surveyed more than 150 research articles published in high-impact refereed academic journals. The review synthesis has been discussed through GSCM pressures (government rules and regulations, corporate social responsibility, investment recovery, and green market), GSCM practices (eco-design, internal environmental management, waste management, green purchasing aspect, quality, and product recovery), and GSCM performance (financial, operational, and environmental). Bibliometric results were presented, including the types of sources, year-wise publications, country-wise output, journal-wise output, and top contributors in GSCM research."
"AB The present study tests the hypothesis that better access to recreational/green areas modifies the adverse effects of neighbourhood noise and air quality on health. We re-analysed the cross-national representative sample of the 3rd European Quality of Life Survey (EQLS) (2011-2012). Data were available on self-rated health, neighbourhood noise, air quality, access to recreational/green areas, and other sociodemographic and neighbourhood covariates. The substantive analyses were based on weighted logistic regression with clustered standard errors. Overall, reporting major neighbourhood problems with noise and air quality was associated with higher risk for poor self-rated health, and this risk was higher among participants not using recreational/green areas in their neighbourhood or reporting a difficult access to those areas. There was a statistically significant effect modification across some exposure access scenarios, but it was clearer for air quality than it was for noise. Thus, this exploratory study sets the basis for future research on the subject matter. (C) 2017 Elsevier GmbH. All rights reserved."
"AB Purpose From last few decades, logistics management (LM) constitutes a global concern among organization's supply chain (SC) to improve their business effectiveness. The purpose of this paper is to uncover and analyze the critical factors (CFs) related to the implementation of effective LM concept and benchmark the SC performance."
"AB Green freight transportation (GFT) came into existence as an important thrust and effort to control the increasing environmental impacts resulting from global carbon-dioxide emissions. However, the successful implementation of GFT is rarely reported in India. Therefore, we have tried to look at the hindrances affecting the smooth performance of GFT in India. In this present work, 12 relevant barriers have been identified under 3 main dimensions from the literature. Furthermore, the parameters are classified based on their dependency and driving power (DP) with the help of fuzzy MICMAC analysis. In addition to this, a structural model of the recognised obstacles has been established using the interpretive structural modelling technique. Afterwards, grey-DEMATEL (g-DEMATEL) is applied to establish the cause-effect relationship between constraints. Also, an integrated ISM-DEMATEL model has been employed to form an evident understanding of these barriers. This study's findings illustrate that 'Information Distortion' (OS4), 'Lack of Commitment by Top Management' (O2), and 'Lack of Strategic Planning' (OS3) should be given due consideration to ensure proper implementation of GFT in India. The current research is unique as it enriches the existing literature by providing analytical support to the relationship between various barriers."
"AB Pallets are crucial in the logistics infrastructure system of various industries and manufacturing companies. They are made of wood and used to store various large and heavy goods. However, pulp and paper manufacturing companies undergo material shortages to make wooden pallets. Therefore, this study aimed to apply the 3-R concept (Reduce, Reuse, Recycle) to deal with pallet shortages at the companies. After several experiments, the researcher developed three techniques based on the 3-R concept with the closed-loop system: (1) repairing and (2) reusing waste pallets from/to customers, (3) using Finger Glued-Laminate's products provided internally as raw materials for pallets; all three met several mandatory criteria of strength and design in a pallet. This research aimed to help companies make policies and strategies related to applying the 3-R concept to deal with pallet shortages. If the pallet quantity can meet the company's needs, it will improve the logistics process quality and deliver the products to consumers right on schedule."
"AB This article explores the modeling, simulation and optimization of a biophotolytic cyclic process for enhanced hydrogen production from microalgae, employing the sulfur deprivation method. To achieve sulfur deprivation, each process cycle contained two temporally separated steps of sulfur-controlled algae growth and sulfur-deprived anaerobic hydrogen production."
"AB Purpose - The purpose of the study is to develop an in-depth understanding of how supplier-buyer relationships, particularly in operational coordination, are affected when a company introduces an environmental sustainability target (CO2 emissions reduction) into its supply chain operations. The investigation focuses on the joint activities of the logistics function of the company (buyer) and the third-party logistics providers (3PLs) (suppliers)."
"AB With the process of urbanization, China has entered into a booming of construction, and new buildings currently cost large quantities of natural resources and energy. Green Buildings are one of the approaches being implemented to help to mitigate the impacts of the building stock on the environment. However, the majority of green buildings are located in eastern region of China where the economies are more developed. For developing regions in the middle and western regions, green buildings are few. Low income is easily assumed to be the barrier, but research performed to test this assumption, is scarce. The authors of this paper chose Shanxi Province, a less developed region, as the area of investigation to investigate this issue. The authors developed a framework of consumer behaviour based on the Howardw-Sheth model to find the key factors that affect people's willingness to pay (WTP), for which a questionnaire survey was conducted in the study area in Shanxi Province. The survey data were analysed by logistic regression and cross tabulation methods. The results revealed that rather than income, the knowledge related to green buildings and awareness of environmental protection had significant impacts upon green building WTP. Based on the analyses, several suggestions were developed, including: imposing certain demands on constructors of buildings to adopt green facilities, improving the publicity of green buildings, etc. This study investigated people's real attitudes toward green building and found a high WTP in the region, which deserves further attention from the relevant stakeholders in the future."
"AB A novel multi-component biosorbent consisted of pine, oak, hornbeam and fir sawdust biomasses was used to eliminate a common hazardous dye (Malachite green, MG) from aqueous solution. The influences of different parameters like solution pH, biosorbent amount, dye concentration and contact time on the removal process were thoroughly studied to evaluate optimum biosorption conditions. The pseudo-first-order, pseudo-second-order, Elovich, logistic and intra-particle diffusion models were used to describe the biosorption kinetics. Logistic model represented the kinetic experimental data well. The experimental equilibrium biosorption data were analyzed by Freundlich, Langmuir and Dubinin-Radushkevich isotherms. Freundlich model fitted better with the experimental data compared to others. In addition, the mean free energy obtained from Dubinin-Radushkevich model and the standard Gibbs free energy change indicated that the nature of biosorption was feasible, spontaneous and physical type. Overall, the novel eco-biosorbent could be used as a promising biosorbent to remove such unsafe dye molecules from aqueous environments."
"AB Sustainability agendas are challenging port authorities around the world to find ways of operating and managing their ports efficiently and effectively in terms of economic, social, as well as environmental development. In this respect, governments in ASEAN countries have been implementing various green activities seeking to reduce the environmental impact of shipping and related activities. In this connection, most studies in the existing literature mainly focus on the environmental aspects of sustainable development and have not clearly explained what sustainable port development exactly entails. Furthermore, most of these studies emphasized on the impact of port development and overlooked what factors influence sustainable port development. To address these gaps, this research aim to explore the main factors shaping sustainable port development. This was conducted through a comprehensive review of related literature as well as confirmatory in-depth interviews with port authorities. As a result, findings from this research would help identify key elements of sustainable port development from port authorities' perspective. The challenges, opportunities and managerial implications for Vietnamese ports are also discussed accordingly. Copyright (C) 2016 The Korean Association of Shipping and Logistics, Inc. Production and hosting by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved. Peer review under responsibility of the Korean Association of Shipping and Logistics, Inc."
"AB This study was conducted to apply the logistic regression analysis to study the combined effects of continuous and categorical variables on the probability of marketability of tomato. Tomato fruits harvested at three maturity stages (green, pink, red) after pre-storage disinfections treatments (control, anolyte water, hot water, chlorinated water) were stored under evaporative cooler and ambient conditions for 28 days. Changes in the quality characteristics of the tomatoes were assessed every 7 days. Significant relationships were observed (p < 0.001) between the variables and probability of marketability of tomato. Nevertheless, some of the variables were not significant (p > 0.05) for the multiple logistic regression models. Combination of chlorinated water (Tr4), anolyte water (Tr2), green tomato (MS1) and evaporative cooler (SC2) showed high odds ratios. For instance, the odds of marketability of tomato for Tr4 was 27.501 times that of control (Tr1), for Tr2 it was 17.971 times that of Tr1, for MS1 it was 15.792 times that of red tomato (MS3) and for SC2 it was 3.271 times that of ambient storage over 28-day. This showed that Tr4 and Tr2 extended the marketability over a longer period, when compared to that of Tr1. The probability of the marketability of tomatoes was higher for tomatoes stored in the evaporative cooling environment. The model developed can be used by farmers and processors by measuring any of the convenient physical/chemical parameters (pH, TA, TSS, colour, texture) and apply the model to predict the marketability level for different storage periods."
"AB In circular economy, the Green Supply Chain Management (GSCM) provides the resource optimization and it is seen as a solution to solve environmental problems and consumption patterns within the whole supply chain. The GSCM implementation and performance assessment is relatively important for survival in an ever-increasingly competitive environment. Within the circular economy context; companies that aim to improve GSCM must constantly monitor their performance. In order to integrate the circular economy concept into GSCM, it is required to achieve an optimal balance of environmental, economic, logistics, organizational, and marketing performance indicators. However, in the literature, these indicators were investigated separately in terms of GSCM performance assessment, therefore, to achieve this optimal balance, it is necessary to assess these different indicators. Within this context, the aim of this paper is to propose a new holistic conceptual GSCM performance assessment framework which integrates environmental, economic, logistics, operational, organizational and marketing performance. The framework has three-dimensional hierarchy which includes the main criteria, sub-criteria, and the measures for the GSCM performance assessment which have great significance to implement effective GSCM. (C) 2018 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB The problem of identification of population dynamics type of green oak tortrix (Tortrix viridana L.) is analyzed using available time series (Korzukhin, Semevsky, 1992). For fitting of the time series, the generalized discrete logistic model was used. The results of model parameters estimation obtained with Ordinary Least Squares (OLS) and Method of Extreme Points (MEP) are compared. It is assumed that the model demonstrates good correspondence to time series if, and only if, deviations between time series and model trajectory satisfy several statistical tests. It is shown that model with OLS-estimation of parameters cannot be used for fitting of the time series. An analysis of four variants of MEP-estimations is conducted, and it has been found out that observed regime of population dynamics isn't cyclic (if the length of cycle is less than 15 000 years). Also, fast decreasing of autocorrelation function values with further small fluctuations near zero level is detected. This means that both short-term and long-term forecasts of population size changing are practically impossible."
"AB Supply chain effectiveness and general societal prosperity, as well as economic and ecological productivity will be highly affected in the next decades, entailing challenges for the supply chain and logistics sector. Thereby this sector plays a significant role within the transformation process of economic systems, yet the capacities of it remain up till now underestimated. This paper suggests a holistic approach to assess transformation potential of the supply chain and logistics sector towards more sustainable economic systems while defining innovative business strategies to meet future macroeconomic developments. This is achieved through an integrated assessment of production and consumption systems, considering the interests of the key stakeholders. Moreover, the paper combines advanced methods to develop future macroeconomic scenarios and to assess the strategic business opportunities of the supply chain and logistics sector addressing societal developments, e.g. new consumption patterns. The analysis relies on modern theories of Environmental and Ecological Economics, contributing to transformation theories. Moreover, the innovative role of supply chain and logistics management in achieving sustainable macroeconomic goals at regional and international levels is addressed. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Innovative Information Systems services have the potential to promote more sustainable behavior. For these so-called Green Information Systems (Green IS) to work well, they should be tailored to individual behavior and attitudes. Although various theoretical models already exist, there is currently no technological solution that automatically estimates individual's current sustainability levels related to their consumption behaviors in various consumption domains (e.g., mobility and housing). The paper aims at addressing this gap and presents the design of GREENPREDICT, a framework that enables to predict these levels based on multiple features, such as demographic, socio-economic, psychological, and factual knowledge about energy information. To do so, the paper presents and evaluates six different classifiers to predict acts of consumption on the Swiss Household Energy Demand Survey (SHEDS) dataset containing survey answers of 2000 representative individuals living in Switzerland. The results highlight that the ensemble prediction models (i.e., random forests and gradient boosting trees) and the multinomial logistic regression model are the most accurate for the mobility and housing prediction tasks."
"AB Objectives Green space positively influences health and well-being; however, inequalities in use of green space are prevalent. Movement restrictions enforced due to the COVID-19 pandemic could have exacerbated existing inequalities regarding who visits green space. Therefore, this study aimed to explore how movement restrictions have changed the time spent visiting green space and experience of green space in the United Kingdom (UK) and how these differed by individual-level demographic characteristics. Design and outcome measures A nationally representative cross-sectional survey administered through YouGov between 30 April and 1 May 2020. Data were collected on the time spent visiting green space and change in the experience of green space, including missing social interaction, increased physical activity and feeling greater mental health benefits in green space. Demographic information was collected on sex, age, ethnicity, social grade and dog ownership. Associations between specific outcome variables and predictors were assessed using logistic regression. Setting UK, with population weights applied. Participants 2252 adults aged 18 years and over. Results Overall, 63% of respondents reported a decrease in time spent visiting green space following movement restrictions. Lower social grade respondents were less likely to visit green space before and after restrictions were enforced (OR: 0.35 (95% CI 0.24 to 0.51); OR: 0.77 (95% CI 0.63 to 0.95)). Female respondents were more likely than male respondents to agree that green space benefited their mental health more following restrictions (PP: 0.70 vs 0.59). Older (65+ years) respondents were less likely than middle-aged (25-64 years) respondents to have visited green space following the restrictions (OR: 0.79 (95% CI 0.63 to 0.98)). Conclusions Inequalities in green space use were sustained, and possibly exacerbated, during movement restrictions. Our findings emphasise the importance of green spaces remaining open globally in any future 'lockdowns'/pandemics. Further investigation is required to determine how visit patterns and experiences change through the different stages of the COVID-19 pandemic in the UK."
"AB Risk management has been an increasing concern in maritime logistics services due to higher uncertainty. This study aims to build an early warning model for mitigating maritime logistics service risks by empirically examining the roles of information risk events in stimulating other risks. The risk factors were identified through literature review combined with an email survey and measured by a website survey on the experts in the maritime logistics companies. The results derived from the mined association rules based soft set theory present information risk can trigger all the other types of risk, of which information security risk is the most influential event. The risk of governing uncertainty triggered by information inaccuracy or information delay is distributed in the green warning level as well as the risk of uncertain inventory and contract disputes triggered by information inaccuracy, and the others in the yellow warning level. Moreover, it is demonstrated that the effective application of the approach of soft set based association rule to mining interrelationship between risk sets. The findings can help the maritime practitioners to make risk mitigation policies and encourage scholars to conduct more risk investigation in the systematic perspectives."
"AB This research explores the mediating effects of product returns on the relationship between a firm's green capabilities and its adoption of closed-loop supply chain. Green capability is characterized in terms of product recovery, supply chain integration, and environmentally friendly manufacturing. A structural equation model using survey data drawn from ISO 14001 certified manufacturers in Malaysia is used to test the research hypotheses. The results reveal that recovery and integration capabilities positively influence product returns, while manufacturing and integration capabilities and product returns influence closed loop supply chain adoption. The results also indicate that the volume, type, timing, and quality of product returns partially mediate relationships between recovery and integration capabilities and closed-loop supply chain adoption. The findings highlight the importance of taking into account the complexities of product returns as part of efforts to increase the effects of green capabilities on closed-loop supply chain adoption. (C) 2018 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB The purpose of this study is to define green shipping and eco-friendly vessels and identify the regulations and current market situation regarding eco-friendly vessels in major countries such as Europe, United States, Japan, China and South Korea within the framework of shipping companies, shipyards, ports, and policies. This conceptual study defines and analyzes the current market situation of green shipping based on the previous literatures as well as the cases of each stakeholder in major countries. As the results, this study identifies six major problems and proposes countermeasures to enhance strategic plans in preparation for green shipping in South Korea. The countermeasures are 1) the establishment of a shipping-shipbuilding collaborative network, 2) information sharing and joint cost reduction for shipping and shipbuilding industry, 3) investment in R&D in eco-friendly vessels by shipbuilding industry, 4) expanded support for LNG fueled ship. Copyright (c) 2017 The Korean Association of Shipping and Logistics, Inc. Production and hosting by Elsevier B.V. This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license."
"AB Supply chain disruptions have significant negative effects on logistics operations, in which recovery actions could in turn affect the environment if certain green precautions are not undertaken. The objective of this research is to assess the effect of disruption on carbon emissions from logistics activities in the supply chain. A case study was carried out in this study to identify the factors of supply chain disruptions that affect logistics operations, and investigate the impact of the disruptions on the environment. Data collection using the Fuel Monitor application and real disruption data from a selected company were used to quantify the carbon emissions during disruption and non-disruption scenarios. Analysis of the study found that carbon emissions during disruption events increased to approximately 18 - 20 % as compared to normal operations. This is due to the increase in travelling distance in order to fulfill customer backorders during the disruption occurrence. The carbon emission amount was slightly higher when using fuel consumption as reference data in comparison to distance travelled, as fuel consumption takes into account the driving behaviour and efficiency of the truck engines. This study is useful for analyzing the impact of supply chain disruptions on the environment, particularly from the post-disruption recovery decisions."
"AB Introduction: In epidemiological studies, exposure to green space is inconsistently associated with being overweight and physical activity, possibly because studies differ widely in their definition of green space exposure, inclusion of important confounders, study population and data analysis."
"AB Supplier selection is one of the most important multi-criteria decision-making (MCDM) problems for decision-makers in the competitive market. Today's organizations are seeking new ways to reduce the negative effects they have on the environment and to achieve a greener system. Currently, the concept of green supplier selection has gained great importance for its ability to incorporate environmental or green criteria into classical supplier selection practices. Therefore, in this study, a multi-phase MCDM model based on the best-worst method (BWM) and the interval type-2 fuzzy technique for order preference by similarity to ideal solution (IT2F TOPSIS) is proposed. A case study in a plastic injection molding facility in Turkey was carried out to show the applicability of the proposed integrated methodology. The paper offers insights into decision-making, methodology, and managerial implications. Results of the case study are examined and suggestions for future research are provided."
AB Greenhouse gas emission in transport sector is a major problem with its harmful effects on environment and population. This paper proposes to devise green routing solution for Mobile Advertisement Vehicle (MAV). The objective of the problem is to minimize route cost and carbon emission under time dependent speed constraint. The problem is modelled with hierarchical optimization and is solved in stages. This paper also highlights the idling emission estimation and its impact on the total emission. The problem is solved using Hybrid Particle Swarm Optimization (HPSO) and the minimum cost routes obtained are improved using local exchange operator to minimize emission. The model is tested on a case study of mobile advertisement vehicle which produces minimum emission routes. (C) 2020 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
"AB Outsourcing logistics operation to third-party logistics has attracted more attention in the past several years. However, very few papers analyzed fuel consumption model in the context of outsourcing logistics. This problem involves more complexity than traditional open vehicle routing problem (OVRP), because the calculation of fuel emissions depends on many factors, such as the speed of vehicles, the road angle, the total load, the engine friction, and the engine displacement. Our paper proposed a green open vehicle routing problem (GOVRP) model with fuel consumption constraints for outsourcing logistics operations. Moreover, a hybrid tabu search algorithm was presented to deal with this problem. Experiments were conducted on instances based on realistic road data of Beijing, China, considering that outsourcing logistics plays an increasingly important role in China's freight transportation. Open routes were compared with closed routes through statistical analysis of the cost components. Compared with closed routes, open routes reduce the total cost by 18.5% with the fuel emissions cost down by nearly 29.1% and the diver cost down by 13.8%. The effect of different vehicle types was also studied. Over all the 60- and 120-node instances, the mean total cost by using the light-duty vehicles is the lowest."
"AB Recently, companies in emerging markets have implemented green supply chain management (GSCM) practices to tackle environmental issues. Drawing upon socio-technical systems theory, this study develops a conceptual model suggesting a sequential effect between two distinct categories of GSCM practices, namely behavioral (human and soft aspects) and technical (tangible and hard aspects) practices, on performance. We employ structural equation modeling method to test hypotheses based on survey responses from 200 Chinese manufacturers. The categorization of behavioral and technical GSCM practices and research findings contribute to the GSCM literature. Statistical results demonstrate the complete mediation effect of technical GSCM practices (e.g., green design, green manufacturing and reverse logistics) on the relationship between behavioral GSCM practices (e.g., relationship with customers and suppliers) and organizational performance. Such results recommend that companies in emerging markets should highlight behavioral GSCM practices first and then implement necessary technical GSCM practices to reap economic, environmental and operational performance."
"AB The location-inventory-routing modeling is an integrated and comprehensive approach to the interconnected location planning, inventory management, and vehicle routing problems in supply chain management. Supplier selection and order allocation are critical operational and strategic decisions in green supply chains. Green supply chain management is an environmental approach to sourcing and production that considers sustainability in every supply chain stage. In this study, a novel bi-objective mixed-integer linear programming model is formulated to solve the location-inventory-routing problems in green supply chains with low-carbon emissions under uncertainty. The proposed model is used for supplier selection and order allocation by considering the location priorities, heterogeneous vehicle routing, storage needs, uncertain demand, and backorder shortage. The formulated bi-objective model is solved with a weighted fuzzy multi-objective solution approach coupled with a novel intelligent simulation algorithm to ensure the feasibility of the solution space. We generate and solve different-sized problems to demonstrate the applicability and efficacy of the proposed model."
"AB BACKGROUND: Surrounding green, air pollution, and noise have been associated with cardiometabolic diseases, but most studies have assessed only one of these correlated exposures."
"AB In this paper, we propose a fuzzy green vehicle routing problem with simultaneous pickup and delivery and time windows (F-GVRP-SPDTW), in which the amounts of fuel consumption and emission are estimated by a comprehensive modal emission model. A mixed integer nonlinear programming model is proposed to minimize the cost of fuel consumption and emissions of vehicles. Moreover, the fuzzy approach with credibility measure is applied under conditions in which both pickup and delivery demands are uncertain. To solve the problem, we have proposed an adaptive large neighborhood search heuristic by applying new removal and insertion operators. Finally, computational experiments are conducted on a set of benchmark instances from the literature to evaluate the efficiency of the proposed solution technique. The results indicate that the proposed solution method is capable of finding high quality solutions in most of the instances."
"AB The greenhouse gas emissions from the transportation sector are one of the major contributors to global warming today. Freight share to GHG emissions is likely to increase 2-fold by 2050. This makes it critical for CO2 emissions to be reduced through an optimized transportation strategy. Vehicle routing, when done efficiently, can reduce these emissions across countries. In this attempt, the traditional distance minimization objective of the vehicle routing problem has been replaced with an energy-emission-centric objective. A model is formulated taking energy and emissions into simultaneous consideration and a typical VRP problem has been evaluated using a genetic algorithm. The application of the proposed model is observed to reduce emissions significantly compared to conventional models. Considering the possibility of increase in carbon tax in future, energy-emission minimized routing would not only aid ""green logistics,"" but also reduce the environmental costs incurred."
"AB Purpose - Food supply chain (FSC) in Greece is dominated by small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs), who face several challenges in adopting green practices. The purpose of this paper is to identify the key drivers and barriers influencing the environmental performance of SMEs within the Greek dairy supply chain (SC)."
"AB The purpose of this paper is to determine who is willing to pay (WTP) for a greener event by applying a Contingent Valuation (CV) approach together with an experimental design. To identify the cheap talkers a survey was conducted at the Wacky Wine Festival in South Africa, were 474 respondents participated. Using a Heckman two-step approach, the results confirmed that the decision to contribute depends on behavioural and motivational factors, while the amount is income-dependent. The extent of cheap talking is significant, with a 50% deviation in stated and revealed behaviour. Besides cheap talkers, another category is identified, namely ""ethicals"", who contribute their voucher to the tree planting project without indicating that they are willing to pay. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB The article emphasizes the importance of considering modern transport chains from the point of view of green transport. In addition to the traditional way of dealing with transport chains and supply chains, where the focus is on the price and timing of the transport service, all stakeholders in such chains should be systematically informed about the level of GHG emissions and energy efficiency so that a higher level of awareness of cargo owners can be ensured to choose sustainable transport and logistics services. The main contribution of the research is an in-depth understanding of the complexity of the transport chains through the ports of the eastern Adriatic from the green transport perspective. Analysed ports as Koper, Rijeka, Bar, and Durres have on the sea-side different overseas connections and the land-side different land connections that produce different levels of pollution and consume different levels of energy. At the same time there are commercial and operational differences. The importance of analysing and understanding the operation of green transport chains (GTCs) by the use of developed IT tools is particularly emphasized. Various transport services from Asian ports through four ports on the eastern Adriatic coast are analysed. The analysis includes a comparison of transport times, the cost of total intermodal transport, and the level of pollution with CO2, NOx, SOx, and Non-methane hydrocarbon (NMHC) emissions. The research study provides a comprehensive and transparent approach to dealing with complex transport chains in the eastern Adriatic region and can serve as an approach for providing proper information to the stakeholders along the entire transport chain. The results reveal the shortcomings of the southern transport route mainly due to poorly developed rail transport, which is also reflected through the low starting basis for the development of GTC regionally."
"AB The aim of this paper was to analyze the main factors that affect green consumers' choice regarding the purchase of organic agriculture products. The data collected through a survey of 559 green consumers were analyzed using explanatory factor analysis, the Relative Importance Index, and logistic regression. The results point out eleven main factors related to the offerings on the organic agriculture market that predominantly drive green consumers' purchasing decisions. The Relative Importance Index identified health benefits that stem from a specific way of production as the main purchasing motive. This was also confirmed by the results of logistic regression, which showed that a respondent who buys organic agricultural products on a daily basis is approximately 71.5% less likely to disagree with the claim that organic products are healthier than non-organic, compared to a consumer who purchases organic products several times a week or month. However, as these benefits cannot be empirically confirmed, green consumers look for official labels on the product packaging. In order to assure the product quality, more than half of them find out very important information about producers: whether they have a product quality certificate (69.5%), how many years they are engaged in production (56.2%), and whether they have specific product packaging (54.9%). The Relative Importance Index also revealed that the main purchasing barriers that consumers face are scarce offerings and an insufficient development of the distribution channel, which were ranked in first and second place. The price as a barrier is of less importance. About 30.8% of the respondents are willing to pay up to 20% higher prices for organic food compared to conventional food, while 39.4% of them would pay even up to 40% higher prices. Based on the given results, there are clear suggestions for creating a sustainable marketing strategy for organic agriculture products as the main prerequisite for an increase of healthy food choices and fostering the future development of organic agriculture businesses at the local and global levels."
"AB Today, due to the increasing environmental hazards and governmental regulations, as well as the limitation of sources of production, researchers have paid special attention to the design of closed-loop green supply chain networks. The closed-loop supply chain networks (CLSCN) include the returns processes and the producers aim to capturing additional value considering further integration of all supply chain activities. Therefore, all return processes need to be optimized as well as considering environmental impacts leading to form a closed-loop green supply chain network (CLGSCN). For decision making purposes, operational and tactical decision making levels are integrated to configure a coordinated supply chain network aiming to maximize profit while keeping environmental-friendly policies. The case is more sophisticated in melting industries where the collection and categorization in return process and different environmental challenges should be considered at the same time. Thus, in this paper, a CLGSCN of a melting industry is modeled with respect to environmental hazards to optimiza overall profits. Since real-world demand in melting industry under study is uncertain, the robust optimization has been employed, and while the optimization of the proposed mathematical model is time consuming, an improved version of the genetic algorithm has been implemented as a solution method. This study has been carried out at Melting Imen Tabarestan (MIT) company in Iran. The proposed model along with the solution method are investigated in the case study. The results imply the effectiveness and applicability of the model and provide tactical considerations for the managers and practitioners."
"AB A novel periodical mixed-integer mathematical model in the field of fresh agri-food product's distribution (tomato product for instance) is developed in this paper. Green topics and two significant features of fresh agricultural products, namely freshness and ripeness, are added to the inventory routing problem (IRP) with simultaneous pickup and delivery for perishable products. The objective function tends to optimize the system total interest. In this model, traditional costs such as transportation and holding costs are considered besides up-to-date points such as expired products and customer's dissatisfaction costs. To compute the customer's dissatisfaction costs, the level of deviation from ideal quality should be measured to specify the biological postharvest behavior of fresh products. To determine the fair pricing, the patterns of quality decay have been applied. Considering the environmental effects and recycling requirements of expired crops, the reverse logistics notion has been applied to collect and reuse the wasted products. The level of greenhouse gas (GHG) emission has been controlled to reduce the harmful impressions of this gas and protect the environment. In the optimization procedure, the system total costs are developed by assuming fuzzy quality levels and fuzzy holding costs. Also, a bipolar approach has been applied for fuzzy programming. Finally, a numerical example besides sensitivity analysis and managerial insights is presented. Results show that remarking fuzzy parameters lead to lower profit and different routing and transmission. Also, applying less pollutant vehicles and increasing plant's delivery levels can be noted to reach a green environment and higher level of profit."
"AB The debate on the sustainability of service supply chain has recently become notorious with the increased environmental and economic impacts of service materiality. Cost-effective material management in the service domain has, therefore, become a competitive priority and a means for sustainability. This essentially requires the development of quantitative models with green options for optimizing material sourcing, transportation, inventory, processing, and reverse logistics. It is, however, a challenge to assess and integrate the economic and environmental costs of material procurement and consumption within service systems. The gap is more evident in service-only supply chains such as tourism, finance, and healthcare. Thus, this paper develops a service-oriented optimization model with green options for effective material management in a service environment. The developed model is focused on managing the material procurement and processing across the supply chain of a service firm (a hotel supply chain as an example). Mathematical formulation is first provided for a deterministic single-order model and this is then extended to a multi-period comprehensive material planning model. Proposed formulations are demonstrated through a simulated supply chain of accommodation services in a hotel. The theoretical and practical implications of the results are discussed along with directions for future research. The value-added of this research is providing insight into material management across service supply chains, optimizing material assignment to offered services, and extending the impacts of green options to the whole supply chain of hotels and accommodation services. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Reverse logistics is inevitable in today's business environment with the most common reasons being product returns, incorrect product delivery, damaged products, and product exchange programs. The use and adoption of reverse logistics has increased with the start of product recalls, but the rise of e-commerce and insight into the positive environmental impact has elevated the formal use and sophistication of reverse logistics. There are many environmental issues that may arise from the production and transportation of products. The focus of this study is to evaluate supply chain environmental implications presented in a reverse logistic setting. These environmental contributions come with associated costs that can no longer be ignored in the mathematical modeling of reverse logistics."
"AB The environmental impact of trade liberalisation is uncertain. Investigating the impact of China's trade with economies participating in the Belt and Road Initiative (BRI-participating economies) on the green development of China's logistics industry is of great significance. This research not only may help the dividends from BRI construction activities reach their full potential but also promote global ecological improvement. This study is the first attempt to analyse the impact of China's trade with BRI-participating economies on China's logistics industry's ecological total factor energy efficiency (ETFEE) from the perspective of ecological economics, and identify its relative role in China's trade with other regions. The research indicates that China's logistics industry's ETFEE exhibits high growth momentum. China's trade with BRI-participating economies positively promotes its logistics industry's ETFEE through ecological technological progress. This effect becomes more distinct with the advancement of BRI construction. Compared to China's trade with the whole world and non-BRI-participating economies, the promotion effect of China's exports to BRI-participating economies on ETFEE remains to be further released. Based on the findings, corresponding policy implications are proposed. (C) 2020 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Globally, even as environmental protection and sustainability are becoming increasingly important, freight transportation firms are faced with the enormous need to reduce the significant environmental burdens that accrue from transport vehicles. Eco-innovation can aid freight transport firms through fostering sustainable transportation alternatives at best possible costs to ensure effective decision- making for freight logistics sustainability. Yet, freight logistics companies are faced with numerous difficulties when attempting to implement eco-innovation practices along their supply chains. This paper therefore identifies the challenges to implementing eco-innovation practices for freight logistics sustainability to aid management to take informed decisions to overcome these challenges before the environmental burdens become critical. The Best- Worst method is adopted to evaluate and rank these challenges in terms of their relative importance in Nigeria, an emerging economy, which is characterized by increased consumption due to huge population size coupled with government green requirements. The results depict that unavailable funds, lack of clarity on the financial benefits of eco-innovation practices, poor technology infrastructure and reluctant attitude towards eco-innovation practices are the most pressing challenges amongst the challenges faced by Nigeria freight logistics companies. These results will provide insight and guidelines for decision-makers and policymakers in the freight logistics sector who seeks to integrate eco-innovation initiatives to achieve sustainability."
"AB The effects of different amendment rates (1 and 3%) of Chinese milk vetch (Astragalus sinicus L.) and bird vetch (Vicia cracca L.) on the dissipation of extractable pentachlorophenol (PCP) residues were investigated in two flooded paddy soils with contrasting soil organic matter (SOM) contents. Following incorporation of the legume green manures, whether acetate-extractable ferrous iron [Fe(II)(NaOAc)] is useful for revealing the reductive dechlorination mechanism of PCP in flooded paddy soils was verified."
"AB Public green spaces have a high potential for a positive impact on people's health and wellbeing, especially in urban areas. Studies on environmental justice indicate socially unequal access possibilities to urban green spaces. This article presents results on associations between individual socioeconomic position (SEP) and walking time from home to public green spaces in young people living in urban areas with more than 20,000 inhabitants in Germany. Data were derived from the German Environmental Survey for Children and Adolescents 2014-2017 (GerES V), the environmental module of the German Health Interview and Examination Survey for Children and Adolescents (KiGGS Wave 2). The sample comprises 1149 participants aged 3 to 17 years. A total of 51.5% of the participants reach a public green space on foot within five and 72.8% within ten minutes from home. The lower the participant's SEP, the longer the walking time. Logistic regression models controlling for age group, sex, migration background, and region of residence show that participants with a low SEP have a significantly higher risk (odds ratio = 1.98; 95% confidence interval: 1.31-2.99) of needing more than ten minutes to walk from home to a public green space than participants with a high SEP. GerES V data indicate that young people living in urban areas in Germany do not equally benefit from the health-promoting potential of green spaces, which is an important aspect of environmental health inequalities."
"AB Water security assessment based on the concept of blue versus green water is becoming widely accepted globally. Blue water is the combination of surface runoff and deep aquifer recharge while green water is the summation of evapotranspiration and soil water content (i.e. mediated by plants). Due to the tight coupling between land use and the partitioning of blue and green water within a watershed, an integrated geospatial modeling framework that links land use and watershed hydrological processes is needed to predict the consequences of future land use change on blue versus green water security. By loosely coupling an agent based probabilistic land use change model with a hydrologic model, we investigated the consequences of present trends of urban growth to identify potential future hotspots of hydrological change across a watershed in central New Jersey undergoing sub urbanization. The agent based probabilistic model, working at the scale of land ownership parcels, predicted that future urban development would be the result of forest, rather than farm land conversion. Using existing zoning maps, the housing unit density and human population of the urban growth areas was estimated. A consequence of the loss of forest land and increasing impervious surface leading was higher blue water but lower green water. While no severe blue water scarcity was observed, an increasing green water scarcity was found in some study area sub-basins. Such information will aid watershed managers' and policymakers' effort in sustainably managing water resources under changing land use and climate."
"AB In order to face the different pressures associated with the environmental damage generated by production processes, the Green Supply Chain Management (GSCM) approach is an alternative for manufacturing companies, as it allows them to have more sustainable operations, especially, in relation to other players, through environmental collaboration. The aim of the present article is to identify which practices facilitate environmental collaboration, as well as to establish the influence of said collaboration on sustainable production practices. A survey with 43 items, drawn from the literature, was applied to a convenience sample of Colombian manufacturing companies. The hypotheses, relating to environmentally sustainable practices and environmental collaboration data, were tested using Partial Least Squares Structural Equation Modeling (PLS-SEM). The main results show that internal environmental management, eco-design, and green marketing have direct and positive effect on environmental collaboration. However, no relationship was found between green human resources, green information and systems technology, and reverse logistics and environmental collaboration. In addition, the positive effect of environmental collaboration on sustainable production practices, such as green purchasing, green manufacturing, and green distribution, was reflected. The paper expands knowledge of the way in which environmentally practices are related to environmental collaboration and their implications for more sustainable production and consumption. (C) 2021 Institution of Chemical Engineers. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB This study investigated the associations of green tea, coffee, and caffeine consumption with self-report lifetime depression in the Korean population using data from the Korean National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey. In total, 9576 participants (3852 men and 5724 women) aged 19 years or older were selected for the present study. Green tea, coffee, and caffeine consumption levels were assessed with a validated food frequency questionnaire. Multivariate logistic regression analysis was used to determine the odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for depression according to green tea, coffee, and caffeine consumption. Frequent green tea consumers (3 cups/week) had 21% lower prevalence of depression (OR = 0.79, 95% CI = 0.63-0.99, p for trend = 0.0101) than green tea non-consumers after adjustment for potential confounders. Likewise, frequent coffee drinkers (2 cups/day) had 32% lower prevalence of depression (OR = 0.68, 95% CI = 0.55-0.85, p for trend = 0.0026) than coffee non-drinkers after adjustment for potential confounders. Also, participants in the highest quartile of caffeine consumption had 24% lower prevalence of depression than those in the lowest quartile (OR = 0.76, 95% CI = 0.62-0.92, p for trend = 0.0032). Frequent consumption of green tea, coffee, or caffeine was associated with a reduced prevalence of self-report lifetime depression in Korean adults. A prospective study and randomized clinical trials should be conducted to confirm the inverse relationships of green tea and coffee consumption with risk of depression."
"AB Resource allocation decisions in the areas of service quality and environmental sustainability can be challenging because ex ante it is difficult to assess the potential performance benefits of such investments. This study investigates the operating performance implications of service quality and environmental sustainability in the context of logistics. Specifically, using the resource-based view of the firm as the theoretical framework, we examine future operating performance of firms that won service quality and environmental sustainability awards in logistics between 2004 and 2013. Awardees include firms that are logistics service providers and firms that operate in other industries; in all cases, these awards recognize firms' logistics capabilities. Our results reveal that firms' service quality and environmental sustainability capabilities, as recognized by winning awards in the respective categories, are associated with improved operating performance during the 3-year post-award period. Additionally, the performance benefits associated with service quality awards are greater than those associated with environmental sustainability awards. Our analysis further shows that whereas environmental sustainability relates to better future operating performance by enhancing only sales growth, service quality is positively associated with enhanced sales growth as well as cost efficiency. Finally, our results also indicate that positive operating performance implications of these awards are not contingent on the industry competitive intensity or innovative intensity. Implications for research and practice are discussed."
"AB Urban ecosystems in cities, such as urban green spaces, provide diverse amenities and areas for relaxation to the public. However, the public's understanding of the value of urban ecosystems in cities has not been widely explored. This study aims to elucidate the value attributed to urban ecosystems in an area by targeting green spaces in the Pinggu District of Beijing, China. A dedicated questionnaire survey was conducted to investigate the public's willingness-to-pay (WTP) to conserve green spaces and to evaluate the non-use value of urban green spaces following the contingent valuation method (CVM). Policies for preserving and protecting urban ecosystems in urban areas are then proposed. A valid sample of 1000 respondents was surveyed face-to-face in the Pinggu District, Beijing. The key findings are as follows: (1) 55.90% of the respondents would be willing to pay to conserve green spaces, and the respondents that would not be willing believed that government should be responsible for preserving and improving green spaces; (2) the mean annual WTP and non-use values of green spaces were 57.56 CNY and 26.25 million CNY without considering the ""unwilling to pay"" responses, and the values were 40.06 CNY and 18.27 million CNY considering the full sample, respectively; (3) the environmental awareness key factor influencing WTP positively, however, higher education and income levels negatively affected WTP, which were explored through logistic regression and Pearson correlation analyses. It is necessary to enhance ecological education for the sustainable preservation for long term."
"AB Purpose Despite touting the value of green practices, many firms struggle to respond appropriately to the diverse environmental issues. The purpose of this paper is to investigate how the external and internal pressures interplay to influence top management championship, which, in turn, fosters the company's green culture and the adoption of green practices. It thus helps to explain Chinese firms' diversity with respect to the adoption of green practices."
"AB In light of a gap in the area of fishery harbor greening, the objective of this paper is to identify potential environmental issues associated with fishery harbor operations and establish a multi-criteria evaluation structure for green fishery harbors. This structure is intended to bring an environmental dimension into the management of fishery harbors and facilitate informed decision-making in achieving environmental sustainability. A review of literature related to harbor environments, the modified Delphi technique and the AHP method were used to establish an evaluation structure for high-use fishery harbors in Taiwan. Results show that vessel and harbor management, hygiene, and waste and energy management are considered relatively important criteria at the second level. Among 15 indicators, safety of equipment and facilities, management of vessels and catches, clean harbors, catch hygiene, a management committee, fish market sanitation, controlled waste discharge, and energy saving and green energy are the top half rankings at the third level. Management implications from the findings were discussed, with an emphasis on feasible options to advance green fishery harbors, including managing harbors in an integral manner, implementing a HACCP system to enhance catch hygiene levels, controlling waste, developing green energy and establishing harbors an education and outreach outposts. At last, a three-step model was highlighted as a practical way to assist policy makers to find priority factors and engage in effective management to achieve fishery harbor greening."
"AB Purpose - The purpose of this paper is to identify the demographic and psychographic characteristics of older green tea consumers in the USA. By understanding this segment's background, perceptions, and behaviors, health and marketing professionals can tailor messages to reach clients and consumers."
"AB Introduction: This study examined the crash causative factors of signalized intersections under mixed traffic using advanced statistical models. Method: Hierarchical Poisson regression and logistic regression models were developed to predict the crash frequency and severity of signalized intersection approaches. The prediction models helped to develop general safety countermeasures for signalized intersections. Results: The study shows that exclusive left turn lanes and countdown timers are beneficial for improving the safety of signalized intersections. Safety is also influenced by the presence of a surveillance camera, green time, median width, traffic volume, and proportion of two wheelers in the traffic stream. The factors that influence the severity of crashes were also identified in this study. Practical application: As a practical application, the safe values of deviation of green time provided from design green time, with varying traffic volume, is presented in this study. This is a useful tool for setting the appropriate green time for a signalized intersection approach with variations in the traffic volume. (C) 2014 National Safety Council and Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
AB Purpose -The purpose of the study presented in this paper is to determine the relationship and effect of built environment on occupants' productivity in green-certified office buildings in Sri Lanka.
"AB Recent scholarship points to a protective association between green space and birth outcomes as well a positive relationship between blue space and wellbeing. We add to this body of literature by exploring the relationship between expectant mothers' exposure to green and blue spaces and adverse birth outcomes in New York City. The Normalized Difference Vegetation Index (NDVI), the NYC Street Tree Census, and access to major green spaces served as measures of greenness, while proximity to waterfront areas represented access to blue space. Associations between these factors and adverse birth outcomes, including preterm birth, term birthweight, term low birthweight, and small for gestational age, were evaluated via mixed-effects linear and logistic regression models. The analyses were conducted separately for women living in deprived neighborhoods to test for differential effects on mothers in these areas. The results indicate that women in deprived neighborhoods suffer from higher rates adverse birth outcomes and lower levels of residential greenness. In adjusted models, a significant inverse association between nearby street trees and the odds of preterm birth was found for all women. However, we did not identify a consistent significant relationship between adverse birth outcomes and NDVI, access to major green spaces, or waterfront access when individual covariates were taken into account."
"AB Contact with green space has been associated with diverse beneficial impacts on human health. Studies focusing on green exercise suggest that physical activity undertaken in green environments provides more mental health benefits than physical activity in indoor or other outdoor settings. However, this evidence is largely based on experimental field studies that control the participants' contact with green space, while there is a lack of evidence that the real-life settings for green exercise promote mental health. This study applies a spatial approach using public participation GIS (PPGIS) methods to explore the perceived restorative outcomes of diverse outdoor physical activity environments. The data were collected in the Helsinki Metropolitan Area, Finland, with a map based online survey directed to adults aged 18-65 years (n = 760). Perceived restoration was measured with three variables; stress reduction, relaxation, and nature enjoyment. Logistic regression analyses revealed significant differences in the perceived restoration outcomes between diverse outdoor physical activity environments. Stress reduction and relaxation during physical activity were most likely to be experienced near blue spaces and in large (>30 ha) urban and recreational forests, while nature enjoyment was associated with natural environments of all sizes. The results of this study suggest that exercising in blue spaces and in large natural areas provides additional restorative benefits compared to exercise undertaken in built outdoor environments. These results support a synergistic conception of urban health that acknowledges the diversity of health benefits provided by public open spaces, in particular blue and natural green settings."
"AB Growing body of research recognizes the importance of green spaces on the perinatal outcomes however, further evidence from different geographies are warranted. We aimed to investigate association between, and differential responses to, maternal exposure to green space and birthweight. Birth records (n = 82,221) were extracted from the Perinatal Data Collection (PDC) in Sydney's metropolitan area between January 2016 and December 2017. Association between green space quantity and birthweight, term birthweight, low birthweight, term low birthweight and preterm were assessed using linear and logistic regressions. Potential modification by area-level socioeconomic status and maternal country of birth were tested using interaction terms. Difference in birth weight for the >40% versus <20% green space within SA2s was 59.0 g (95%CI: 42.9, 75.3) in unadjusted models which dropped to 25.6 g (95%CI: 13.0, 38.2) in adjusted models. Stratified analysis suggested stronger associations for babies of mothers from affluent neighbourhoods, while statistically significant association was not observed in deprived areas. Furthermore, the association was more pronounced among babies to mothers who were born overseas. Associations were consistent for term births. Higher levels of green space were associated with lower odds of preterm birth in adjusted models. However, we did not identify statistically significant association between green space quantity and the risk of low birthweight (LBW). Our study suggests that green space may support healthier birth outcomes and help to reduce the birthweight gap between newborns of mothers born in Australia and overseas. However, disproportionate benefits among women in affluent neighbourhoods may widen socioeconomic inequities in birthweight. (C) 2021 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB To explore the relationship between sustainability strategies and future energy needs, supply chains need to reduce their CO2 emissions through developing their green credentials and improving performance. Knowledge management (KM) is an enabler to support collaboration efforts. The SCM and KM areas have largely focused on improving organisational performance. While the latter has yielded successful outcomes in different sectors, there is still a scarcity of research on identifying influential factors highlighting those aspects which may enable green supply chain collaboration (GrSCC), thus leading to sustainable energy futures and carbon-efficient production. This paper examines the role of KM in facilitating GrSCC. Through the identification of key factors extrapolated from the literature, a model for implementing GrSCC using a futures-based perspective is proposed. This paper inductively demonstrates the relationship between identified GrSCC factors through fuzzy cognitive mapping technique. Findings support a futures-based perspective that enhances understanding and refines forward-looking strategies for GrSCC."
"AB Background: The greenhouse gas emissions of South Africa are the largest contribution by a country in the African continent. If the carbon emissions are not reduced, they will continue to grow exponentially. South Africa's emissions are placed in the top 20 in the world when considering per capita emissions."
"AB Purpose - Decision making in logistics is an increasingly complex task for organizations as these involve decisions at strategic, tactical and operational levels coupled with the triple-bottom line of sustainability. Decision support systems (DSS) played a vital role in arguably solving the challenges associated with decision making in sustainable logistics. The purpose of this paper is to explore the current state of the research in the domain of DSS for logistics while considering sustainability aspects."
"AB Background: More than half of the world's population lives in urban environments. Due to urban related factors (e.g. higher air pollution), urban residents may face higher risk of adverse health outcomes, while access to green space could benefit health."
"AB Current logistics and transportation (L&T) systems include heterogeneous fleets consisting of common internal combustion engine vehicles as well as other types of vehicles using green technologies, e.g., plug-in hybrid electric vehicles and electric vehicles (EVs). However, the incorporation of EVs in L&T activities also raise some additional challenges from the strategic, planning, and operational perspectives. For instance, smart cities are required to provide recharge stations for electric-based vehicles, meaning that investment decisions need to be made about the number, location, and capacity of these stations. Similarly, the limited driving-range capabilities of EVs, which are restricted by the amount of electricity stored in their batteries, impose non-trivial additional constraints when designing efficient distribution routes. Accordingly, this paper identifies and reviews several open research challenges related to the introduction of EVs in L&T activities, including: (a) environmental-related issues; and (b) strategic, planning and operational issues associated with standard EVs and with hydrogen-based EVs. The paper also analyzes how the introduction of EVs in L&T systems generates new variants of the well-known Vehicle Routing Problem, one of the most studied optimization problems in the L&T field, and proposes the use of metaheuristics and simheuristics as the most efficient way to deal with these complex optimization problems."
"AB This study aims to understand the street-crossing-facility choice behavior of the elderly. The footbridges were classified into three types with different levels of convenience. On the other hand, the safety of the crosswalk was assumed to be highly related to the remaining time of pedestrian green light. An adaptive SP survey was designed to collect choice data from individuals aged 60 years or above, and a multilevel logistic model was developed to analyze the behavior data. The results indicated that convenience and safety exert significant influence on the facility choice behavior. The choice behavior of the elderly toward making trade-off decision between convenience and safety was further discussed through the multilevel logistic regression analyses."
"AB Purpose The globalization of market and production activities with unequal distribution of market demand and resources has accelerated the demand for shipping services. Public concerns about environmental issues and the impacts of shipping service providers' green shipping practices (GSPs) on the reputation and performance of multinational companies (MNCs) motivated the authors to test the impact of shipping companies' GSPs on MNCs' loyalty by considering timeliness and perceived value as moderators. The paper aims to discuss this issue. Design/methodology/approach The data were collected from 141 MNCs and analyzed using the partial least squares technique. Findings The results show that company policy and procedure, shipping documentation, shipping equipment and shipping materials have significant effects on MNCs' loyalty. Furthermore, timeliness positively moderates the impacts of shipping materials and shipping design on compliance, while perceived value positively moderates the effects of shipping equipment and shipping design for compliance on MNCs' loyalty. Practical implications - The results provide insight for shipping service providers on GSPs that may lead to MNCs' loyalty by considering the roles of lead time and freight rate. Originality/value The results extend the literature by testing empirically the impacts of GSP of shipping companies on MNCs' loyalty and also by investigating the moderating impacts of perceived value and timeliness."
"AB Obtaining real and effective data from partners have a great significance for enterprises. Collaborative communication is an important bridge to realize the sharing of information and resource. This paper analyzed the impact of green supply chain management on enterprise environmental and economic performance based on the survey results of 162 manufacturing enterprises in China and discussed the moderating effect of collaborative communication from communication frequency and communication climate two dimensions. The results show that: (1) communication frequency significantly moderates the positive impact of internal environmental management on environmental performance, but it is insignificant on economic performance. Conversely, communication climate moderates the positive impact of internal environmental management on environmental and economic performance; (2) two dimensions of collaborative communication moderates the positive impact of external collaboration on environmental and economic performance. The conclusions conveyed in this paper emphasize the importance of collaborative communication in green supply chain management and provide some managerial implications."
"AB How organizational green practices become routinely embedded in supply chains remains underexplored in the literature. Based on the practice-based view and normalization process theory, this study adopts a novel perspective on green supply chain management (GSCM) practices implementation and suggests that innovation is a crucial mechanism in such process. Specifically, we theorize and test the mediating effect of product and process innovation on the relationship between GSCM practices and sustainability performance. Survey data from 173 manufacturing firms were used to test the model hypotheses. Our findings show that product and process innovation mediate the relationship between GSCM practices and sustainability performance. The findings also suggest that the relevance of different innovation mechanisms depends on the stage of the operational lifecycle within which the practices are implemented. Our study provides insights for managers and scholars seeking to define innovation strategies to ensure the successful implementation of GSCM practices."
"AB Efforts to deal with anthropogenic environmental impacts are focussed predominantly on cities. This paper applies metafrontier-data envelopment analysis (DEA) to evaluate the capacity of 286 Chinese cities of different sizes and in different regions towards green growth development and assesses gaps in their efficiencies. The determinants of efficiency, including regional and population size effects, were estimated using logistic regression model. Results show that the state of green growth efficiency was different for cities of different sizes and from different regions, and gaps existed compared to the best production frontier. The paper suggests that more endeavours are required for environmental and social dimensions, and a short-term target can include achievement of group frontier efficiency and significant reduction in technology gap ratios. Owing to significant population size effect, policy programs should have target plans for cities of different sizes as they differ in performance and capacity building."
"AB Green areas might provide an inviting setting and thereby promote physical activity. The objective of this study was to determine whether moving to different green area surroundings was followed by changes of physical activity. Data from a large population-based cohort of adults in Stockholm County responding to surveys in 2010 and 2014 were analysed (n = 42611). Information about walking/cycling and exercise were self-reported and living area greenness data were satellite-derived (NDVI, Normalized Difference Vegetation Index). Multinomial logistic regression analyses were performed separately for changes in levels of walking/cycling and exercise (decrease, stable, increase). Greenness was defined as a change in NDVI quartile to less green, same, or greener. Odds ratio's (OR) with 95% confidence intervals (CI) were presented adjusted for gender, age, education and area-based income. Contrary to what we hypothesized, those moving to a greener area were more likely to decrease their levels of walking/cycling (OR = 1.42, CI = 1.28-1.58), whereas those moving to a less green area were more likely to increase their walking/cycling (OR = 1.26, CI = 1.13-1.41). Exercise behaviour showed another pattern, with people being more likely to decrease exercise both when moving to a greener (OR = 1.25, CI = 1.22-1.38) and to a less green area (OR = 1.22, CI = 1.09-1.36). Studying subpopulations based on sociodemographic characteristics did not aid to clarify our results. This cohort study with repeated measurements did not support the currently available cross-sectional studies showing a strong positive relation between greenness and physical activity. Nevertheless, our findings have shown spatial patterns related to green areas and physical activity which imply a need for place-specific health policies."
"AB With the shortage of resources and the increasingly serious environmental pollution in China, green innovation has become a sustainable competition for a region. The Yangtze River Economic Belt (YREB) strategy is one of the most important strategies for the sustainable development of China's economy under the new normal. Green innovation plays a linking role in the resources exchange and trade flow in YREB, and it is also the foundation and guarantee to implement the YREB strategy. The global environmental pollution and the weak recovery of world economy make the traditional extensive economic growth model unsustainable. Sustainable economic growth should focus on the quality of development and its external costs to the environment. In order to implement the concept of sustainable development, the improvement of logistics ecological efficiency is related to the quality of ecological civilization construction. Therefore, it is of theoretical and practical significance to study the measurement, evolution, and driving factors of coordinated development level of regional green innovation system. This paper proposes a super-slack-based measure (super-SBM) data envelopment analysis (DEA) model to measure the green innovation efficiency of 11 provinces and cities in YREB from 2008 to 2017, mastering its spatial and evolutionary characteristics, and conduct empirical analysis on the influencing factors. The empirical results indicate that economic development, government support, and industrial structure upgrading are the leading forces to directly enhance the green technology innovation ability of cities in the Yangtze River Economic belt and play the core driving role of green innovation. To further enhance the capacity of urban green innovation in the Yangtze River Economic belt, we will increase the government's support for green innovation, optimize the environmental governance model, promote the green upgrading of industrial structure, and enhance the enthusiasm of enterprises for green innovation."
"AB Purpose The purpose of this paper is to develop a decision support system to consider geographic information, logistics information and greenhouse gas (GHG) emission information to solve the proposed green inventory routing problem (GIRP) for a specific Taiwan publishing logistics firm. Design/methodology/approach A GIRP mathematical model is first constructed to help this specific publishing logistics firm to approximate to the optimal distribution system design. Next, two modified Heuristic-Tabu combination methods that combine savings approach, 2-opt and 1-1 lambda-interchange heuristic approach with two modified Tabu search methods are developed to determine the optimum solution. Findings Several examples are given to illustrate the optimum total inventory routing cost, the optimum delivery routes, the economic order quantities, the optimum service levels, the reorder points, the optimum common review interval and the optimum maximum inventory levels of all convenience stores in these designed routes. Sensitivity analyses are conducted based on the parameters including truck loading capacity, inventory carrying cost percentages, unit shortage costs, unit ordering costs and unit transport costs to support optimal distribution system design regarding the total inventory routing cost and GHG emission level. Originality/value The most important finding is that GIRP model with reordering point inventory control policy should be applied for the first replenishment and delivery run and GIRP model with periodic review inventory control policy should be conducted for the remaining replenishment and delivery runs based on overall simulation results. The other very important finding concerning the global warming issue can help decision makers of GIRP distribution system to select the appropriate type of truck to deliver products to all retail stores located in the planned optimal delivery routes depending on GHG emission consumptions."
"AB Taking an environment-friendly green closed-loop supply chain as the research object, this work established a two-stage closed-loop supply chain game model. Considering the influence of the environmental protection input on the whole supply chain, there are different decisions among the participants in the supply chain, and the different choices will have impacts on the benefits of the whole supply chain when manufacturers select a closed-loop supply chain model of third-party recycling. Hence, this work compared and analyzed the impact of centralized decision-making and decentralized decision-making on the returns and pricing strategies of each participant. Finally, an optimized cooperative mechanism decision model considering a cost profit sharing contract was further designed. The model is conducive to obtaining the maximum profit value in centralized decision-making and avoids the negative impact of a ""double marginal effect"" on supply chain income in decentralized decision-making, and finally, improves the overall coordination and profit of a green closed-loop supply chain. The numerical examples are conducted to verify the effectiveness and practicality of the proposed models. This work provides a helpful decision support and guidance for enterprises and the government on the used products recycling decisions to better manage the green closed-loop supply chain."
"AB Over the past decades, environmental sustainability has raised at the top of the international political agenda and has been recognized as a key driver of innovation. As a result, the number of companies developing green products has been rapidly growing and consumers have shown an increasing interest for these products. Thus, understanding the main characteristics of green products, identifying factors affecting their price and consumers' willingness to pay more for them, sales channels and promotional tools (the 4Ps of Green Marketing) would be very useful for companies aiming at designing, developing and marketing green products. For this reason, deeply understanding Green Marketing would foster, on the one hand, cleaner production through the development of green products and, on the other hand, sustainable consumption through the successful marketing of them. To this aim, this study reviews the body of knowledge on the topic, through a systematic review of the literature. Specifically, this paper analyzes: 1) the dominant definitions of Green Marketing (and related concepts) and their evolution over time, 2) the different steps to build a Green Marketing Strategy, and 3) the characteristics of Green Marketing Mix elements. After searching for academic publications in three databases (EBSCO, Scopus, and Web of Science) and selecting publications based on their relevance for the stated aims, 114 studies have been included in the review. Results show that the definition of Green Marketing has changed over time according to the growing relevance of environmental sustainability. Regarding the Green Marketing Strategy, several ways of segmenting consumers have been identified; studies converge in giving greater relevance to green brand positioning rather than to green product positioning and many of them see it as a chance of differentiation. Referring to the Green Marketing Mix, results show that: many types of green products exist; consumers are willing to pay a premium price according to products' functional attributes or their responsibility towards the natural environment; closed-loop supply chain and reverse logistics play a key role; a-careful definition of advertisement contents is essential and ecolabels can be important tools. This study provides an in-depth analysis and synthesis of the body of knowledge so far produced in the field of Green Marketing and, as such, it has important implications for managers, scholars, and students. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Information technology advancements integrated with the e-commerce supply chain allow participants in the business process to effectively work with large volumes of data and control transactions. To improve the profitability and competitiveness of e-commerce companies, a blockchain solution was incorporated into the global B2B (Business-to-Business) supply chain. This technology simplified the transaction process by providing all participants in the sustainable B2B buying process with the same data about the trade. Overall, the use of blockchain improved the efficiency of logistics and digital documentation which reached 74% and 75%, respectively. The main advantage of using blockchain is that it creates a decentralized database that is secure. In addition, it increases the speed of payment and the reliability and transparency of data transfer. Further research may focus on the use of blockchain in green logistics to improve environmental sustainability in the e-commerce supply chain."
"AB The construction industry is responsible for significant environmental impact. Mounting ecological and societal concerns are driving construction to 'go green'. Green supply chain management offers the potential of a systemic approach to facilitate transformation of the sector. Research on green supply chain management in construction has been growing in recent times but to date has not been systematically brought together. A systematic literature review (SLR) is presented, applying the high standards of rigour and transparency required by the methodology. From an initial search result of 207 papers, 44 were included in the detailed analysis. The papers are described in terms of publication outlet, date of publication, geographic setting, methods used, tools and techniques, conceptual definition, the role of stakeholders and practical implications. The findings are synthesized to propose a categorization of approach and a comprehensive definition of green supply chain management in construction. An agenda for future research is outlined which emphasizes the need for an end-to-end perspective, engagement with the unique characteristics of the industry, a focus on the ultimate goals of environmental sustainability, and on gaps in practical guidance, use of insights from relevant theoretical perspectives, and expansion to include critical stances. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB The built environment influences and promotes cycling that has now become a challenge for sustainable urban mobility in many cities where this mode of transport carries little weight. This is the case for Granada (Spain), a medium-sized city in southern Europe, which as a university city and with lots of green areas, could find potential supportive factors to promote cycling. Website-apps with a Global Positioning System (GPS), such as Ciclogreen that encourage active accessibility try to promote cycling and are supported by the University of Granada. The aim of this work is to assess the capacity of green areas and some influential factors of their built environment to attract cycling routes. To this end, a spatial analysis was made and interpreted by a statistical model to check the correlation between these factors and a high number of cycling routes through or near the green areas. The results show a high number of cycling routes within urban surroundings that include green areas, cycle lanes, university facilities, and public car parks in proximity relationships. Identifying synergies among these urban factors and the information and incentive coming from a digital catalyst in shape on an app could be useful in urban planning for cycling."
"AB Digital technologies integrated into port logistics are becoming increasingly decisive among port cities around the world. This growing importance is due to the need for policymakers, urban managers, port authorities, local administrators, shipping companies, couriers, and so on to develop increasingly digitalized and sustainable logistic processes. Therefore, in a global context characterized by intense datafication and globalization of trade, the data-based approach has become a necessary modus operandi to promote smart and sustainable logistics development. This forward-looking model of port logistics uses technologies such as IoT, sensors, cloud computing platforms, Big Data analytics, Artificial Intelligence (AI), GPS tracking systems, radars, drones, realtime monitoring stations, smart grids, and so on in order to collect, process, monitor and analyse data and information concerning the economic, environmental, social and technological sphere of port cities. In this sense, mobile and fixed platforms help logistics operators to optimize the management of flows (e.g., water, waste, emissions, raw materials, people, monetary investments, etc.) in an efficient and digitized manner. The study proposes a systematic literature review of the most recurring themes concerning smart and sustainable logistics initiatives within port cities in order to develop a multidimensional framework capable of holistically integrating the prevailing enabling factors (Ecosystem, Internal Organization, Data and Security, Policy and Regulation, Finance and Funding, and Digital and Technology), domains (Mobility, Environment, Economy, Telecommunications, Safety and Security, Government, and Community) and goals (Sustainable Development and Digitalization) that characterize smart and sustainable logistical development. To this end, the best practices of several pioneering port cities such as Rotterdam, Hamburg, Singapore, Los Angeles, Amsterdam, etc. implemented in partnerships with technology companies such as Cisco, IBM, Huawei and SAP were also analysed. Therefore, the results of this research show that smart and sustainable logistics initiatives in port cities: (a) have the potential to enhance the efficiency of the economic, environmental, social and technological flows; (b) increase the involvement and awareness of stakeholders such as couriers, shippers, shipping companies, citizens, port authorities, municipalities, security officers, gate and terminal personnel, and so on; and (c) provide a detailed overview of the enabling factors, domains and goals that must be activated by port cities to foster a smart and sustainable logistic transition."
"AB In this paper, the initial conditions of an intertwining logistic map are generated by utilizing the memetic differential evolution. Initially, the color image is decomposed into red, green, and blue channels. Arnold map is used to shuffle the pixels position of all three channels to develop the shuffled channels. Afterward, memetic differential evolution is implemented to optimize the parameters required by intertwining logistic map. The correlation coefficient and entropy are used as a fitness function. The intertwining map generates the secret keys to encrypt the shuffled color channels. The encrypted color channels are combined to obtain the encrypted image. Extensive experiments are carried out by considering the memetic differential evolution-based image encryption and existing competitive image encryption approaches over five benchmark images. Experimental results show that the proposed approach provides higher efficiency and security as compared to the existing image encryption approaches."
"AB Purpose The research article's primary purpose is to understand the advancements in urban logistics and allied fields over time along with a consideration of its enabling technologies. Design/methodology/Approach An initial review is used to build a keyword vocabulary, combinations of which were then applied to the Scopus, ScienceDirect, Emerald Insights, the Web of Science (WOS), Elsevier, Taylor and Francis, Wiley, Inderscience, Springer, Google Scholar and IEEE Xplore for extracting academic publication collection. The first part includes bibliometric analysis; network analysis is done based on the finally selected 645 papers (only those articles include either of the keywords mentioned above in title, abstract, and keywords). The second part conducts a review of the existing literature review studies (only 21 literature review studies out of 645 articles). The last one discusses the advancement in the topics based on the selected research articles. Findings This research discussed the advancement of the urban logistics and allied field, key academic forums and key researchers. It is evident from the analysis that the research related to key emerging themes like implementing innovative concepts and sustainability; application of green technologies; data collection, visualization, monitoring and sharing; and automatic logistic systems are still in the nascent stage. However, these research areas gained momentum in the recent past. Research limitations Urban logistics are essential and play a crucial role for such rapidly growing cities to function. Despite playing a vital role, urban ecosystem logistics is often neglected in formal urban planning. Hence, as a response to customer and business demand, private entities regularly invest in new technologies and solutions. Since such investments are toward profits, various environmental, social and economic challenges arise. Originality/value This research investigates the advancements in urban logistics toward smart, sustainable reforms in developing enabling technologies and markets. The obtained research articles are subjected to bibliometric, descriptive, network and content analysis to present a rundown of advancements, relationships and trends in emerging research gaps."
"AB With the goal of reducing cost, improving customer satisfaction and controlling the environmental pollution, a environmental routing optimization problem with time windows and multiple vehicle types is proposed by considering the concept of low-carbon logistics. A multi-objective vehicle routing problem (VRP) model with soft time-windows for multiple environmental vehicle types is presented, and a hybrid genetic algorithm (GA) is designed. Based on the experiments, the effectiveness of the algorithm is examined. With Pareto analysis, the relationship among the three objectives (distribution cost, customer satisfaction and environmental pollution) is examined. Sensitivity analysis is conducted to identify the influence of different type vehicle on the environmental performance. The results shows that the vehicle speed has strong correlation with the operation cost and environmental pollution, while the load capacity affects the operation cost, customer satisfaction and environmental pollution. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB In the changing competitive landscape and with growing environmental awareness, reverse logistics issues have become prominent in manufacturing organizations. As a result there is an increasing focus on green aspects of the supply chain to reduce environmental impacts and ensure environmental efficiency. This is largely driven by changes made in government rules and regulations with which organizations must comply in order to successfully operate in different regions of the world. Therefore, manufacturing organizations are striving hard to implement environmentally efficient supply chains while simultaneously maximizing their profit to compete in the market. To address the issue, this research studies a forward-reverse logistics model. This paper puts forward a model of a multi-period, multi-echelon, vehicle routing, forward-reverse logistics system. The network considered in the model assumes a fixed number of suppliers, facilities, distributors, customer zones, disassembly locations, re-distributors and second customer zones. The demand levels at customer zones are assumed to be deterministic. The objective of the paper is to maximize the total expected profit and also to obtain an efficient route for the vehicle corresponding to an optimal/near optimal solution. The proposed model is resolved using Artificial Immune System (AIS) and Particle Swarm Optimization (PSO) algorithms. The findings show that for the considered model, AIS works better than the PSO. This information is important for a manufacturing organization engaged in reverse logistics programs and in running units efficiently. This paper also contributes to the limited literature on reverse logistics that considers costs and profit as well as vehicle route management. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Drafting a systematic literature review on sustainable integration of supply chain and logistics is the main aim of this research paper, given the current needs expressed by academics, managers, and investors. Business sustainability, among all management tasks, heavily depends on successful integration between supply chain and logistics. Scholarly and academic double-blinded peer-reviewed journals, indexed in Scopus and EBSCO, are considered, in a time range between the years 2010 and 2019. Thus, summaries of journals are comprehensively assessed to appraise the integration between Sustainable Supply Chain Management and logistics in business markets. Through this work paper, the procedures behind an effective application of supply chain models are investigated in order to improve knowledge, in terms of recent advancements. The authors develop and carry out an effective business-case analysis, in which the application of Supply Chain Management and logistics procedures led to advancements in the field, therefore their systematic review will be beneficial in terms of a comprehensive current framework provision. According to the analyze explored by the authors, Decision Support Systems and computer frameworks really support business leaders in using Sustainable Supply Chain Management and logistics information and models, further providing specific training. The research paper observed that, indeed, a systematic review is an effective tool that encourages a thorough understanding of the key features related to the specific field. Despite limitations due to a small number of studies carried out on the specific topic, we strongly believe that this research will provide a great contribution to business management, towards an exhaustive, useful, and insightful analysis of the current studies on the integration between Sustainable Supply Chain Management and logistics applications."
"AB Purpose The purpose of this paper is to review the literature on logistics and supply chain costs to provide an analysis of sources of publication, citations and authorship using bibliometric analysis techniques (VOSviewer and CitNetExplorer tools). Design/methodology/approach A review of 756 articles published during the period 2014 to 2019 referenced in the Scopus database was performed. The review was limited to articles published in English and directly related to logistics and supply chain costs. Findings The research identified more than 2,000 authors representing more than 5,000 keywords and 10,000 references from a total of 155 journals investigated. A critical synthesis of the resulting data revealed several insights about various aspects of studies in this field. For instance, the review identified a scarcity of academic publications in three key areas, namely ""supply chain,"" ""optimization"" and ""transportation"", which are concepts focused on the total supply chain. Originality/value This research highlights important areas of attention for both researchers and practitioners considering costs associated with logistics and supply chain operations and strategies. The results can also help identify thematic areas, journals and topics for future research. The paper identifies and proposes research areas to contribute to the literature when challenges to investigating logistics and supply chain costs are discussed."
"AB The development of Green Transport Corridors (GTCs) is an important strategy to help a region achieve more sustainable solutions. When such GTCs are implemented, multimodal supply chains and environmentally-friendly alternatives for freight transportation through economically relevant hubs and long-distance routes can be facilitated. Based on previous efforts for evaluating single routes, this paper aimed to propose a single multi-criteria Logistics Composite Index (LCI), constructed based on a set of Key Performance Indicators (KPIs), to evaluate the efficiency of GTCs considering the integration of multiple transport modes (highways, railways, and waterways). This approach consists of a dual-step procedure, applying a Network Equilibrium Model (NEM) and Data Envelopment Analysis (DEA). It was applied to Brazilian agricultural bulk transport export corridors, considering the existing and planned infrastructure in the harvest year of 2018/2019. In general, the best indexes were those from corridors considering planned railways. Specifically, the best index was from a corridor from the Northeast region. The second was from the South. The third was from the North (Amazon), and was one of the few corridors with adequate waterways. This approach is useful for decision-makers to determine the most efficient corridors as well as for policy-makers to guide infrastructure investments and address public policies."
"AB Mitigating wastes, manufacturers must make the best decisions when it comes to reusing and recycling returned products. As unsatisfactory products are not going to be bought by customers, managers would be faced with a paradoxical decision on reusing or recycling these products. The proposed framework demonstrates how to analyse positive/negative feedback from consumers to form the most effective disposition decision strategies for managers in reverse logistics by means of sentiment analysis algorithms. Applying the framework, companies will be able to extract, categorise, and analyse their consumers' opinion and sentiment to make a strategic decision in reverse logistics to minimise returned products, waste, inventory, and cost, while maximising efficiency, profit, SC sustainability, and customer satisfaction. While the framework is broad enough to be used in different industries, such as the electronics and automobile, the probability of biased opinion that may arises by limitation in considering a specific language or location has been greatly reduced. This paper focuses on social media data to optimise the decision-making process in reverse logistics through a big data analysis approach. In this research, a case study was conducted on Apple mobile phones Twitter data, including models and features."
"AB A novel alkaline-treated multi-component biosorbent composed of pine, oak, hornbeam and fir sawdust biomasses was evaluated to eliminate a common hazardous dye [malachite green (MG)] from aqueous solution in this study. Batch biosorption studies were carried out using this base-modified biosorbent under varying biosorption conditions of: pH, MG concentration, modified biosorbent loading and reaction time. The experimental results showed that this easy modification application (using 0.3-M sodium hydroxide) was able to enhance the biosorption potential of natural biosorbent from 35.230 to 78.926 mg g(-1) under the same study conditions. The obtained equilibrium data were modelled using Freundlich, Langmuir, Sips and Dubinin-Radushkevich isotherm models. Also, the biosorption kinetics were analyzed using the pseudo-first-order, pseudo-second-order, logistic and intra-particle diffusion models. It was found that the biosorption data of the isotherm and kinetics were best represented using Sips and logistic models. Hereby, this modified biosorbent can be used for bioremediation of contaminated areas with such deleterious dyes."
"AB Platooning is an emerging transportation practice that has the potential to solve the problems of the burgeoning transportation industry. A platoon is a group of vehicles, with vehicle to vehicle communication, that travel closely behind one another such that the platoon can accelerate, brake and cruise together. Platoons can improve road safety, be energy efficient and reduce costs. Its complete socio-economic benefits include congestion mitigation, smoother traffic flow, better lane usage and throughput, incentives for green logistics and driver safety. The long-term effect of platooning on road transportation, if extensively deployed, would be better organised traffic flow and efficient tracking of vehicles on the road ushering a multilevel positive impact on the industry. In this study, we attempt to answer the critical question of whether platooning is an adoptable practice in the near future and discuss an agenda to take platooning closer to implementation on the ground by highlighting the opportunities for future research. We also present a conceptual framework to help researchers, academicians, policy makers and practitioners for the adoption of platooning into the transportation industry."
"AB There is growing interest in the environmental impact of organizational activities. This exploratory study introduces the need to integrate economic market and non-market valuations for social sustainability in organizations. While organizations have not reached this integration, the potential to help in development and the introduction of social sustainability is significant. The methodology includes an extensive research into economic market and non-market valuation literature for social sustainability. This paper integrates a new approach to the current academic literature highlighting social aspects of sustainability within the supply chain and specifically in reverse logistics. The literature review led to the development of a framework guiding and simplifying these efforts. Practical situations of environmental goods valuations of social sustainability in reverse logistics are provided as an illustration. Using organizational supply chains and reverse logistics as an example, the application of various tools is presented using an environmental goods valuation framework. The integration of these topics aid researchers, policy makers, and practitioners. The findings make a contribution to the strategic organizational justification, performance measurement and sustainability literature by further integrating environmental goods valuation tools, models, theory and practices. The paper includes the development of propositions to be addressed in future research."
"AB Purpose - In the present context of a globalised economy, market requirements are changing regularly in term of product cost, delivery time, safety and environmental issues. Apart from conventional measures, environmental factors have become an integral part of performance measurement system. This study aims to analyse major barriers and factors in green supply chain (GSC) management implementation."
"AB One of the basic requirements of the companies to survive in real-world competitive environments is to make their supply chains as efficient as possible. Due to recent governmental regulations, environmental issues, and the development of the concept of social responsibility, the closed-loop supply chain management has been focused by many researchers. A closed-loop supply chain includes both forward and reverse supply chain networks with the purpose of combining environmental considerations with the traditional supply chain network designs through the collection of used products and activities related to their reuse. In this paper, a bi-objective, multi-period, multi-product, closed-loop supply chain network is designed under environmental considerations, discounts, and uncertainties. The deterministic model of the chain is first solved by three multi-objective decision-making methods. Then, based on real-world uncertainties involved in some of the parameters, a robust optimization model is proposed and solved using decision-making methods. At the end, the best deterministic and robust models are selected based on the displaced ideal solution."
"AB In ecology, one of the simplest representation of population dynamics is the logistic equation. This basic view can be enriched by considering two important variables: (1) the maximal population density Nature can support (carrying capacity) and (2) the critical density threshold under which the population disappears (Allee effect). The economic literature on biodiversity and renewable resources ignores both these variables. Evidence suggests also that these variables are affected by the pollution level due to economic activity. Indeed, a degraded environment is unsuitable for wildlife and reduces the carrying capacity, while the climate change entails the habitat fragmentation and, lowering the wildlife reproduction possibilities, raises the Allee effect. The present paper aims to incorporate both endogenous carrying capacity and Allee effect in a Ramsey model augmented with biodiversity as a renewable resource. Our extended framework enables us to study the effect of a Pigouvian tax on anthropogenic mass extinction. We find that, when the household overvalues biodiversity with respect to consumption, a higher green-tax rate is beneficial in three respects entailing: (1) a lower pollution and a higher biodiversity, (2) a welfare improvement and (3) a less likely mass extinction."
"AB The purpose of this study was to achieve supply chain sustainability by considering Just in Time (JIT) in return vehicle usage. In response to a general increase in modern environmental awareness, consumer and government attention towards product and service compliance with environmental protection standards has increased. Consequently, manufacturers and stakeholders are pressured to use eco-friendly supply chains. In this paper, we analyzed the JIT model, a transportation network that ensure agile responses and delivery of goods in a supply chain, which reduces inventory costs. We then compared two return vehicle transportation scenarios. In the first, goods were transported from the central warehouse to the distribution base, and the return vehicle delivered recyclable packaging materials back to the central distribution warehouse. In the second scenario, goods were transported from the manufacturer to the distribution center (warehouse) more frequently, leading to reduced inventory. We then utilized the aforementioned JIT system with ILOG CPLEX12.4 to ascertain which scenario would produce the lowest carbon emissions for the lowest total cost."
AB Purpose The purpose of this paper is to analyze the influence that the financial restrictions of Chinese enterprises exert on their green innovation abilities with their increased integration into the global supply chain (GSC).
AB Purpose
"AB Green supply chain management (GSCM) involves consideration of environmental impacts of all the processes involved in a typical supply chain to minimise their negative consequences. In this paper, we present a DEMATEL-based approach for investigating barriers in GSCM in Canadian context. Seven manufacturing firms from electronic goods sector are involved. The results of our study yield three main categories of barriers. These barriers are knowledge-related (lack of awareness of the environmental impacts on business, lack of training courses/consultancy/institutions to train, monitor/mentor progress specific to each industry, lack of technical expertise and difficulty in identifying environmental opportunities), commitment-related (lack of corporate social responsibility) and product design-related (complexity of design to reuse/recycle used products). The proposed study is one of the first few to be conducted in the Canadian context for green supply chain barrier analysis for electronic goods sector. Secondly, the barriers are investigated through causality and prominence relations which can help decision-makers, policy planners and managers of organisations in addressing those critical few for making green supply chain practices a success."
"AB Psychological distress (PD) (mental ill-health) has a frequency between 5 and 25% in urban populations, and there is mounting evidence that access to green space might reduce its occurrence. Evidence suggests that the quality of green space is as important as accessibility in promoting mental well-being. A pilot study for EURO-URHIS 2 allowed investigation of access to green space in relation to PD in a deprived urban population in the UK."
"AB Purpose The purpose of this paper is to shed some new light on the entrepreneurial finance of green start-ups, for which there has been little quantitative empirical evidence thus far. It explores what challenges green start-ups might experience when it comes to financial access."
"AB In order to improve the corporate sustainability of agro-food value chains, business organizations need to rely on a higher performing and more reliable logistics system. Particularly, in case of dairy industry, organizations are facing some important challenges containing people management, short shelf life, high food losses and wastage, high greenhouse gas emissions. Based on ""Confederation of Indian industry Dairy Vision 2025"", it is believed that the dairy sector in India has high potential if organizations can develop an effective logistics and supply chain system. This article attempts to analyze the interaction between distribution related challenges with a focus operational excellence and higher corporate green growth and sustainability viewpoints in food supply chains by considering the business example of four Indian dairy product based organizations using graph theory and matrix approach. Several key challenges were identified based on a literature survey and experts' views. Graph theory and matrix approach has been applied to select the most significant challenge. The results show that food organizations must work on cold chain to manage logistics and distribution challenges to reduce wastage, decrease financial losses and to take environmental issues into account. This paper ranks the challenges as well as develop an index for the dairy industry to achieve corporate sustainability in its supply chain and logistics network. The present study findings will provide useful knowledge for managers and policy makers managing interaction between people and process aspects and corporate sustainability management in the agro-based diary organizational logistics and supply chains. This is one of the unique studies in food supply chain that helps in improving the logistics and supply performance in diary industries of emerging economies. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Small and medium (SME) and large manufacturing industries are two vital contributors of industrial growth and development of any economy. The importance of both sectors increases many times in context to a developing country like India, which is sharply emerging as a manufacturing hub for the world. Both sectors depend and influence each other. Burgeoning pressures for green manufacturing (GM) from national and international agencies create an urgency for both sectors to switch over, to GM from conventional manufacturing. GM minimizes wastes and pollution and also leads to financial gains and better image, if implemented correctly. Therefore, it is crucial to understand GM drivers and underlying relationships between them. Accordingly, the purpose of this research is to answer two questions (1) Is GM and its drivers are same or different for SME and large industries? (2) How these drivers influence green manufacturing? The study also develops and compares GM models for both based on the identified GM drivers using interpretive structural modelling (ISM) approach; covering compliance to green standards/legislations, financial incentives, management commitment and support, marketing and other associated green drivers. The research enhances the understanding about the mutual influence of green drivers. It also guides about the identification of right set of drivers by utilizing the driving and dependency power to influence GM, for both. Thus, the study addresses the needs of both sectors and facilitates researchers and practitioners to effectively utilize appropriate set of green drivers in leveraging GM in a strategic manner. (C) 2018 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
AB Introduction: To investigate association between urban green space and prevalent and incident cases of insufficient sleep (<6 h sleep per day).
"AB A limited but emerging body of evidence is suggestive for a beneficial association between contact with green spaces and glucose homeostasis in adults; however, such an evidence for children is scarce. We evaluated the association between time spent in green spaces and fasting blood glucose (FBG) levels and impaired fasting glucose (IFG, FBG >= 110 mg/dL) in a population-based multicentric sample of 3844 Iranian schoolchildren aged 7-18 years (2015). Participants were instructed to report the average hours per week spent in green spaces separately during each season and in each type of green space (parks, woods/other natural green spaces, and private gardens/agricultural field) for a 12-month period preceding the interview. We developed linear and logistic mixed effects models with centre as random effect to evaluate the association of time spent in green spaces (separately for each type as well as all types together) with FBG and IFG, respectively, controlled for a wide range of covariates including household indicators of socioeconomic status. We observed inverse associations between time spent in green spaces, especially in natural green spaces, and FBG levels. Specifically, 1.83 h increase in the total time spent in green spaces was associated with -0.5 mg/dl (95% confidence intervals: -0.9, -0.1) change in FBG levels. We also observed reduced risk of IFG associated with time spent in green spaces; however, the association was statistically significant only for the time spent in natural green spaces. There were suggestions for stronger associations for those residing in urban areas and those from lower socioeconomic status groups; however, the interaction terms for socioeconomic status and urbanity were not statistically significant. Further longitudinal studies are required to replicate our findings in other settings with different climates and population susceptibilities. (C) 2018 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Early prediction of the success of green building projects is an important and challenging issue. The aim of this study was to develop a model to predict the cost and schedule performance of green building projects based on the level of definition during the pre-project planning phase. To this end, a three-step process was proposed: pre-processing, variable selection, and prediction model construction. Data from 53 certified green buildings were used to develop the models. After balancing the data set with respect to the proportion of cases in each of the outcome categories by pre-processing, the number of input variables was reduced from 64 to 13 and 7 for cost and schedule performance prediction respectively, using the ReliefF-W variable selection method. Then, cost and schedule performance prediction models were constructed using the selected variables and four different classifiers: a support vector machine (SVM), a back-propagation neural network (BPNN), a C4.5 decision tree algorithm (C4.5), and a logistic regression (LR). The classification performance of the four models was compared to assess their applicability. The SVM models exhibited the highest accuracy, sensitivity, and specificity in predicting both the cost and schedule performance of green building projects. The results of this study empirically validated that the cost and schedule performance of green building projects is highly dependent on the quality of definition in the pre-project planning phase. (C) 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Considering the key role of reverse logistics for supply chains sustainability performance and the increasing concern regarding social and environmental negative impacts of human activities, this study aims to analyze the reverse logistics system developed by a Brazilian beverage company for one-way bottle segment. For this, a supply chain mapping with its direct and reverse flows was performed, the main variables of interest were listed and the characteristics that define its performance were analyzed. The modeling was conducted through System Dynamics, since this tool allows to consider the main factors at an enough level of abstraction to simulate scenarios. The analysis focused on the variables: material reuse (environmental), waste of resources (environmental), cost of storage (economic) and unemployment (social). To measure them, the indicators recycling ratio I and II, storage cost and job creation ratio were evaluated. The simulation showed that not all actions listed to improve the reverse logistics system benefit simultaneously the three pillars of sustainability. In addition, some existing trade-offs should be considered as well as the implementation of combined actions for better results. The simulations performed for three scenarios also revealed that indicators such as storage costs, recycling ratio and employment ratio improve reverse chain performance with the adoption of intermediate integrated solutions. The information presented in this article can support managers in decision making in their companies and contribute to broaden the debates about reverse logistics systems. (c) 2020 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB In recent years, China's cross-border e-commerce has flourished, and the transaction volume has increased year by year. Cross-border e-commerce has become a favorable breakthrough point for China's foreign trade. This article mainly studies the action mechanism and model of cross-border e-commerce green supply chain based on customer behavior. Green supply chain partners select 24 secondary indicators of the evaluation system as the input vector. The historical data of each index is collected by field investigation as sample data and brought into the neural network for training. The output vector of the only output layer of the network is used as the evaluation result of the supplier. This paper divides the operation mode of green supply chain into four stages and puts forward improvement tools for the functional modules in each stage. Enterprises can use the tools in the modules to improve the operation efficiency of green supply chain. According to the green level evaluation demand of green supply chain, this paper uses the hierarchical method to evaluate it. According to the survey results, this paper uses arithmetic average method to deal with the operation and establishes a secondary index after decomposition. Finally, this paper uses confirmatory factor analysis to test the measurement model and further uses analysis of variance to test the relationship between the two types of social cues and behavioral willingness. The data shows that the orderly fluctuation range of the east, middle, and west cross-border logistics subsystems basically remains at around 0.2 to 0.6. The results show that the establishment of the green supply chain model has a very positive significance for the implementation and development of the green supply chain in China's manufacturing industry. Through the research of profit and profit distribution in the green supply chain, it provides guidance for the green supply chain to effectively select the supply chain members to cooperate and calculate and distribute the profit reasonably, so that the green supply chain management can be widely used in reality."
"AB Green supply chain management is attracting increasing attention as a way to decrease the adverse environmental effects of industries worldwide. However, considering the context of an emerging economy like Bangladesh, green supply chain management is still in its inception and has not been widely embraced in the textile industry, and therefore barriers hindering its adoption in emerging economy context demand a comprehensive investigation. This research reviews the viewpoints and hurdles in adopting green supply chain management practices in the context of the Bangladeshi textile industry. A questionnaire survey of Bangladeshi textile practitioners of operations and supply chain management division, having a sample size of thirty, was undertaken to identify the barriers, and a hierarchical cluster analysis technique was used in the detailed analysis of this data. Opinions were sought from experts on the significance of the resulting clusters, considering the relative importance of the barriers. Fifteen barriers to the adoption of green supply chain management were identified in the review of the literature, with these barriers then analyzed by using the data collected from Bangladeshi textile industry practitioners. The research indicates that the most important barrier is that there is low demand from customers and financial constraint resulting from short term little financial benefit to businesses, with lack of government regulations also a commonly faced barrier in adopting green supply chain initiatives. This study will provide valuables insights to practitioners and relevant policy makers about the barriers prevailing in the emerging economies towards the adoption of green supply chain management practices, which, in turn, can guide to undertake appropriate steps for alleviating those barriers. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Background: A number of small studies have reported the use of indocyanine green imaging during adrenalectomy. Nevertheless, imaging properties of different tumors and the indications for indocyanine green imaging use in adrenalectomy have not been defined."
"AB Background: Evidence is growing for the beneficial impacts of natural outdoor environments on health. However, most of the evidence has focused on green spaces and little evidence is available on health benefits of blue spaces and about possible mediators and modifiers of such impacts. We investigated the association between natural outdoor environments (separately for green and blue spaces) and health (general and mental) and its possible mediators and modifiers."
"AB Increasing evidence suggests adults living in greener areas tend to have more favourable sleep-related outcomes, but children and adolescents are under-researched. We hypothesised that children and adolescents living in greener areas would have better quality and more sufficient levels of sleep on average, especially within the context of high traffic noise exposure. These hypotheses were tested using multilevel logistic regressions fitted on samples from the nationally representative Longitudinal Study of Australian Children (10-11 years old,n= 3469, and 14-15 years old,n= 2814) and the GINIplus and LISA cohorts (10 years old,n= 1461, and 15 years old,n= 4172) from the Munich, Wesel, and Leipzig areas of Germany. Questionnaire-based binary indicators of sleep sufficiency and sleep quality in each cohort were assessed with respect to objectively measured green space exposures adjusting for age, sex, and maternal education. Models were augmented with proxy measures of traffic noise and two-way interaction terms to test for effect modification. Cross-tabulations illustrated little convincing evidence of association between green space and insufficient sleep or poor sleep quality in either sample, except for insufficient sleep among 10 year old participants in Germany. These null findings were replicated in adjusted models. The proxy for traffic noise was associated with poor quality sleep in 15 year old participants in Germany, but no convincing evidence of modified association with green space was observed."
"AB Business process reengineering applied to the returns channel is becoming increasingly important as a result of marketplace requirements for productivity and customer satisfaction. This article provides an overview of a reengineering approach to ""reverse logistics"" and presents methodologies which may be helpful to management. Several examples from the literature are provided as illustrations of issues involved in reengineering the returns channel process and measuring return to available (RTA). The core processes of the Xerox Business Process Architecture (XBPA) are studied to identify the issues involved with solving the business issue by process rather than with functional strategies. Issues associated with business problem benchmarking as an input to reengineering and the key aspects of managing by process are also presented."
"AB To minimize greenhouse gas emissions, the logistic field has seen an increasing usage of electric vehicles. The resulting distribution planning problems present new computational challenges."
"AB In this paper, we formulate an emission-minimizing vehicle routing problem with heterogeneous vehicles and give rise to the effects of path selection. We take into account different paths for traveling between two locations differing with respect to their emissions. Computational experiments with artificial and real-world data illustrate the effects of path selection by considering networks with different road types like urban roads and highways. The experiments suggest an emission saving potential of about 2-4%. We conclude that in reality a larger emission reduction potential exists when multiple paths are considered in transportation planning. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB This research studies the capacitated green vehicle routing problem (CGVRP), which is an extension of the green vehicle routing problem (GVRP), characterized by the purpose of harmonizing environmental and economic costs by implementing effective routes to meet any environmental concerns while fulfilling customer demand. We formulate the mathematical model of the CGVRP and propose a simulated annealing (SA) heuristic for its solution in which the CGVRP is set up as a mixed integer linear program (MILP). The objective of the CGVRP is to minimize the total distance traveled by an alternative fuel vehicle (AFV). This research conducts a numerical experiment and sensitivity analysis. The results of the numerical experiment show that the SA algorithm is capable of obtaining good CGVRP solutions within a reasonable amount of time, and the sensitivity analysis demonstrates that the total distance is dependent on the number of customers and the vehicle driving range."
"AB In this study, three models are developed to optimize the inventory level and technology investment under a carbon tax, cap-and-trade, and strict carbon limit regulations. The study considers warehouse operations and transportation logistic systems as the sources of emissions. Several examples are presented, followed by sensitivity analysis for different scenarios. The result shows that under the carbon regulations, profit and carbon emission reduction is proportional to the green technology investment, while demand increase with the green technology promotion. Further analysis has shown that for the carbon tax system policy, the carbon price has influenced the total profit significantly. The decreasing emission level results in a higher profit, while the carbon cap and the carbon limit do not affect the total profit significantly. (C) 2020 Institution of Chemical Engineers. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB In the past few decades, an interest in reverse logistics has attracted the attention of industries and also has become a subject of interest for researchers. However, while reverse logistics is becoming a mandatory element of the supply chain in developed countries particularly due to legislation issues, the subject is still in a state of infancy in emerging economies such as Brazil. In these connections, impediments to reverse logistics implementation must be considered and analyzed, as well as the many different perspectives from the key stakeholders for their development. The objective of this research is to evaluate the interrelationship among reverse logistics barriers from the perspectives of the most important stakeholders in the Brazilian context. For this purpose, a Multi-Criteria Decision Making tool named grey-based Decision Making Trial and Evaluation Laboratory (grey-DEMATEL) was used to extract a multiple company-customer-government association perspective. Three respondents - one expert from each stakeholder - have been consulted to obtain the pair-wise comparison of barriers. Thus, both the net effect and the importance level of each impediment are provided by means of a Euclidean distance analysis, as well as the similarities and differences among stakeholders' opinions. The uniqueness of this paper relies on the fact that no previous work was found in the domain of multiple stakeholders' perspective for reverse logistics barriers. This research uncovers that most of the key barriers from the reverse logistics multiple perspectives framework are from the organizational point of view. This stakeholder holds 10 out of 13 key barriers for RL implementation; as such, it is an important outcome because it indicates that firms may begin product return implementation by first tackling key internal barriers. Moreover, knowing the influential factors in their environment may assist industry managers to better implement and manage reverse flows, and to see through current and future green solutions for reverse logistics. (C) 2016 Published by Elsevier B.V."
"AB Perceived annoyance due to traffic noise and lack of urban green space is mostly determined using data from self-administered questionnaires. However, there is still no clear evidence to what extent such perceived measures are related to objectively assessed environmental data and whether socioeconomic dimensions modify such relationships. In a cross-sectional study in Dortmund, Germany, georeferenced home addresses from parents with preschool aged children were used to analyse relations between exposures to objectively measured green space and traffic noise and subjective annoyance due to noise and lack of green space with the additional consideration of socioeconomic characteristics as effect modifiers. Higher perceived annoyance correlated with higher objectively measured traffic noise and lower objectively measured green, respectively. Stratified logistic regression models indicated a modifying role of socioeconomic characteristics. The strengths of associations between objectively measured environmental exposures and perceived annoyance differed by socioeconomic strata. Especially for noise, odds ratios were higher in low socioeconomic strata than in high socioeconomic strata. Therefore, using objective measures of the built environment as a proxy for individual perception should be made with caution as negative relations between objectively assessed built environments and health could be underestimated when considering individual socioeconomic position only as a confounder."
"AB Globalization policies are encouraging manufacturing companies to produce environment-friendly products that offer a sustainable competitive advantage. Currently, product recovery and zero-waste supply chains have caught the attention of manufacturers and professionals. Reverse logistics (RL) is considered as the most significant part of supply chain management in developed countries; unfortunately, its implementation in developing countries is in the initial stages due to certain barriers. This study aims to identify and verify the barriers to implementation of reverse logistics using a two-stage methodology: the Delphi Method and Structural Equation Modeling. A comprehensive literature review was considered to identify a primary set of barriers. Using the Delphi Method, a team of experts screened out barriers after performing three iterations. A survey-based questionnaire was then sent out to supply chain and logistics employees in the manufacturing industry and relevant government authorities. Five hundred and forty-seven useful responses were analyzed in the Statistical Package for the Social Science (SPSS) & AMOS 21 softwares using Structural Equation Modeling to verify barriers, and ranked according to their severity. The most critical barriers with respect to each category are: high cost of reverse logistics adoption (finance and economics), lack of skilled professionals (knowledge and experience), lack of government supportive policies (law and regulation), poor organizational culture (management), lack of human resources (infrastructure and technology), lack of environmental law awareness (environment), lack of community pressure (market) and company policies (reverse logistics in policy). Overall, the top five barriers found in this study include lack of initial capital, lack of skilled professional in RL, companies' policies against RL, lack of new technologies and information systems, and lack of community pressure. Knowledge about barriers to reverse logistics allows manufacturing companies to prepare a priority list of actions for better implementation of the reverse logistics system."
"AB This paper extends a traditional supply chain network design problem through two perspectives, i.e., the multiperiod decision environment and the environmental concerns. A planning horizon contains multiple periods. Different periods have different demands of products and hence should have different supply chain decisions, which mainly include facilities' locations, the environment protection level in facilities, as well as the transportation flows of products in the supply chain. For each facility in two consecutive periods, the changes of the location and environment protection level related decisions may incur adjustment cost. A bi-objective mixed-integer programming model is proposed to minimize both the total cost and the CO2 emissions of the supply chain during the planning horizon with multiple periods. A solution approach is proposed to solve the model. Numerical experiments are conducted to validate the effectiveness of the proposed model and algorithm."
"AB This study investigates the effects that carbon policies and green technologies may have on the integrated inventory of a two-echelon supply chain with consideration of carbon emissions during the processes of product production, transportation, and storage. The three carbon emissions policies: limited total carbon emissions, carbon taxation, and cap-and-trade, are considered in the study. The proposed model can assist firms in determining their corresponding optimal production quantity, delivery quantity, and green investment amount with an aim of minimizing the costs under different carbon emissions policies. Moreover, this study also provides practical implications for the government to make appropriate policies and regulations in balancing the trade-off between environmental protection and economic growth. Finally, the results indicate that firms adopting the carbon tax policy would prefer to invest in a relatively efficient green technology. With regard to the sources of carbon emissions, the effects of unit carbon emissions during production and unit distance of transportation are the most dramatic, and the cap limit has greater effects than the carbon emissions reduction factor of the green technology. Besides, the government should set the limit of carbon emissions within a reasonable range under the cap-and-trade policy to avoid suppliers overly trading their quotas of carbon emissions."
"AB As the supply chain environment is increasingly becoming uncertain and globally competitive, reverse logistics (RL) practices, which constitute a substantial component of Green Supply Chain Management (GSCM), have been widely recognized as crucial in achieving sustainable competitive advantage. While past studies have proven the positive relationship between properly implemented RL and firm's environmental efficiency and overall competitiveness, developing, maintaining, and integrating RL into the organization's supply chain operations come at a cost and institutional commitment. This study seeks to provide evidence on how RL and organizational culture (OC) provide benefits specifically to the operational performance (OP) of an organization. The study addresses this, first, by an empirical examination of the direct effects of RL practices on firm OP and, then, by further examining whether RL practices' influence on OP is strengthened by OC. The study uses dataset gathered from 213 firms across the service and manufacturing sectors in the Ghanaian economy using a structured questionnaire. The study adopts confirmatory factor analysis (CFA) in addition to partial least square structural equation modelling (PLS-SEM) in analysing the study's measurement model and in estimating the resultant structural model. The study concludes that implementing RL practices positively influences the OP of the firm, while OC strengthens such influence. This study expands the RL literature by obtaining the results for the conceptual model and dealing with the implication from a developing economy's perspective, hence supplementing the growing body of knowledge."
"AB ""Sustainability"" term has not only become increasingly important globally for individual companies, but also become important for whole supply chains. The selection of supplier is a significant decision for the sustainability of supply chains. Literature review revealed that supplier selection is made traditionally based on economic attributes which are insufficient for sustainability of supply chains as sustainability requires taking economic, environmental, and social issues into account. For this purpose, this paper proposes determining the green supplier selection attributes and then developing a methodology for assessment and ranking of green suppliers based on determined attributes. The first contribution of this study is to propose a novel method, which is FROV (fuzzy extension of range of value) to literature. The latter is to utilize fuzzy extension of preference selection index (FPSI) to identify the weights of attributes. The third is to develop a novel fuzzy multiattribute decision-making model consisting of FPSI and FROV to determine the best supplier for a Turkish textile company."
AB We propose an exact algorithm for solving the green vehicle routing problem (G-VRP). The G-VRP models the optimal routing of an alternative fuel vehicle fleet to serve a set of geographically scattered customers. Vehicles' fuel autonomy and possible refueling stops en route are explicitly modeled and maximum duration constraints are imposed on each vehicle route. We model the G-VRP as a set partitioning problem in which columns represent feasible routes corresponding to simple circuits in a multigraph. Each node in the multigraph represents one customer and each arc between two customers represents a nondominated path through a set of refueling stations visited by a vehicle when traveling directly between the two customers. We strengthen the set partitioning formulation by adding valid inequalities including k-path cuts and describe a method for separating them. We provide computational results on benchmark instances showing that the algorithm can optimally solve instances with up to similar to 110 customers.
"AB A green stochastic open location-routing problem (GSOLRP) is generally a combined location-routing problem and set of green vehicles (e.g., hybrid vehicles corresponding to customers' demands and traffic limitations) under uncertainty. The environmental topics in production systems strive to reduce their costs by finding efficient locations for depots and optimize routing vehicles to transport manufactured goods to depots with the least CO2 pollution possible. In this model, the stochastic locations are assumed as an effective parameter on the cost of the supply chain and its rival. The proposed method determines depots opening decision, vehicle allocation, and path design in such a stochastic location and minimizes the quantity of CO2 emissions by supply chain management. A robust optimization approach is used for stochastic customers' location. Then, a hybrid meta-heuristic method of combining the imperialist competitive algorithm (ICA) and variable neighborhood search (VNS) is developed to solve large-scale problems. (C) 2020 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Population of the world is growing with increasing rate and it seems that existing fossil fuel energy sources will not be able to meet energy demand in the near future. Energy is not only crucial for civil sector but also it is one of the most important assets in defense sector. Energy for military operations is mostly provided from fossil fuel as it is the case in other sectors; however, fossil fuels have hazardous effects to the environment and cause global environment concerns. These drawbacks of fossil fuels are also valid for battlefield. Furthermore, transportation of fossil fuels causes extra safety and logistics problems in military case. In this study, we developed a hybrid green energy solution with wind, solar, and batteries together to minimize or eliminate the fossil fuel demand for the battlefield. Results of our algorithm are superior to the already used diesel generator solution from the point of view of cost and various other aspects. The novelty of our study stems from applying optimization of hybrid green energy solution to military case with battlefield constraints."
"AB Purpose The purpose of this study is to analyze sustainability issues in the context of logistics service providers (LSPs) and to evaluate the sustainability index of an LSP in the Indian scenario. Design/methodology/approach The case study method is used to understand the sustainability issues of an Indian LSP. The situation-actor-process (SAP) and learning-action-performance (LAP) framework has been applied to critically examine the sustainability issues of the case organization. The information about the case study is collected from both primary and secondary sources, and a detailed analysis of different sustainability issues in the context of an Indian case has been done. The sustainability index for the case organization has been also evaluated. Findings It can be observed from the in-depth case analysis that LSPs have started making use of green practices for long-term sustainability, but adoption is very slow in developing countries such as India. Based on SAP-LAP analysis of an Indian LSP, suitable actions are recommended for improving the performance of LSPs. Practical implications Adoption of sustainable practices by LSPs can lead to sustainable performance. Sustainability index can assist LSPs to benchmark their sustainability performance to meet the market requirements. Originality/value The novelty of this study is to analyze the issues related to implementation of sustainable practices in an Indian LSP through SAP-LAP framework. It also illustrates the evaluation of sustainability index."
"AB Sustainability is a long-term and ultimate goal for international shipping, although it is slowly making progress. The shipping perspective that moves away from ""port-to-port"" operations to ""door-to-door"" services also requires international shipping to take a long-term and holistic view instead of fragmented efforts. How to achieve the long-term sustainability goal becomes a key issue for door-to-door international shipping. Hence, green strategic planning for door-to-door international shipping was proposed with green development that puts forward the eco-centric point of view as its basic theory for sustainability. This study used a strategic decision-making approach, a so-called multi-dimensional decision-making (MDDM), coupled with the life-cycle thinking and continual improvement of ISO 14000, to achieve strategic planning for door-to-door international shipping aiming at sustainability. A case study showed an example of potential framework and/or methodology for the door-to-door international shipping, which integrates green development principles into international shipping planning to reach the long-term goal of sustainability, and meet the needs of the ""door-to-door"" logistics. It not only points out the general environmental problems but also identifies many critical issues for sustainability in international shipping. As a result, this study developed an approach and methods for sustainable door-to-door international shipping based on the proactively strategic decision-making associated with green development."
"AB The emergent field of green supply chain management has been rapidly evolving with a geometric growth in the number of academic publications in this field. A number of literature reviews have been published focusing on specific aspects of green supply chain management such as performance measurement, supplier selection/evaluation, analytical modeling efforts, and some others with broader areas of focus. This paper presents a thorough bibliometric and network analysis that provides insights not previously fully grasped or evaluated by other reviews on this topic. The analysis begins by identifying over 1000 published studies, which are then distilled down to works of proven influence and those authored by influential investigators. Using rigorous bibliometric tools, established and emergent research clusters are identified for topological analysis, identification of key research topics, interrelations, and collaboration patterns. This systematic mapping of the field helps graphically illustrate the publications evolution over time and identify areas of current research interests and potential directions for future research. The findings provide a robust roadmap for further investigation in this field. (C) 2015 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB The objective of this study is to examine the green supply chain management (GSCM) practices, economic growth, and socio-environmental indicators on a macro-level in a panel of European Union (EU) member states. The study employed different advanced statistical techniques, including generalized method of moments and fully generalized least square for testing the hypotheses. At the same time, the study also adopted Dumitrescu Hurlin Panel Causality test to the cause-effect relationship between the endogenous and exogenous variables. The findings revealed that green supply chain management practices are much useful to improve environmental sustainability through a reduction in carbon emissions and PM2.5, which further correlated with a reduction in the pollution-related mortality rates. Also, the results indicate that green supply chain practices spur economic growth in terms of providing trade opportunities around the globe particularly in pro-environmentalist countries without any non-tariff barriers/penalties and attract foreign investors due to green policies. In our best of knowledge, in the literature review, none of the research conducted on GSCM practices and Macro-level indicators, this study will assist both policymakers and practitioners to understand the holistic role of GSCM practices to greening the economy and provide a framework to develop game-changing environmental policies in the context of cross-border supply chain and trade."
"AB A virtuous cycle of the green technology innovation (GTI) system (GTIS) can not only effectively serve GTI subjects in the system but also fully improve green manufacturing and reduce environmental pollution. The essence of the GTIS evolution of manufacturing enterprises (MEs) under multi-agent cooperation (MEUMAC) is encouraged by governments and led by MEs, which jointly promote the process of GTIS from low-end to high-end through interaction with universities, research institutions, supply chains, intermediaries and consumers. MEs cooperate with multiple GTI subjects to continuously improve the GTI level of MEUMAC, and the subsystems of the GTIS interact and coordinate dynamically. To promote the upgrade of the GTIS under multi-agent cooperation, the dynamic co-evolution mechanism of the GTIS needs to be explored. Innovation process is a value chain that transforms from knowledge creation to product promotion based on the innovation value chain. Based on system theory, this process can be solved through five parts: input, processing, output, feedback and upgrade. The structure and evolution path of the GTIS were analysed based on the innovation value chain theory and system theory. Logistic symbiotic response system is a typical system with self-organization characteristics, and the development law of the GTIS of MEUMAC is similar with the symbiotic system. Hence, an evolution model based on a Logistic model was constructed to determine state and control variables. The results show that the evolution of the GTIS of MEUMAC is the spatial advancement and temporal evolution of the system under the action of internal and external subjects, which is ultimately manifested as the process of the GTI performance output. The operation status of green technology is a key factor in the dynamic co-evolution of the GTIS of MEUMAC, which is the order parameter of the system. Environmental regulation policies (ERPs) have a strong positive incentive effect on the dynamic co-evolution of the GTIS of MEUMAC. Regarding the current ERPs, the effect intensity of different policies is command regulation, market regulation, public participation regulation and voluntary action regulation. The results of this study not only help MEs to optimize the implementation process of the GTIS and provide practical guidance to formulate ERPs but also extend the theoretical system of co-evolution and enrich the innovation value chain theory."
"AB Green packaging is playing an increasingly important role in greening the supply chain. However, the issues that companies face when developing green packaging solutions for the transportation of products within supply chains are poorly understood. A case study of an automotive component manufacturer is presented that explores the complexity of the decisions that surround the decision of inter-organisational packaging design. Drawing upon the literature, legislation and the expert evaluation provided by the case organisation, it identifies the important criteria that influence packaging design and comprise customer requirements, legislation, operational and environmental concerns. This research finds that even though the company makes significant efforts to improve its environmental performance, operational concerns are most influential factors in the design of packaging. Initiatives that aim to improve the environmental performance of packaging are also constrained by external influences in the supply chain, such as customer pressure to adopt branded packaging systems and the inability to influence the design of incoming goods and material packaging."
"AB This study aimed on how demographic and scenario analysis can be used to assess the drivers' intentions toward green transport in China. The special scale was constructed and the survey data was collected from 1090 car drivers in three cities in China. Binary logistic analysis was applied to evaluate the respondents' demographic and intentional differences when different policies and price scenarios were constructed and provided. Three policy options of parking charge, fuel tax, and congestion charge were considered in this study. The results showed that demographic variables including gender, age, education, residence type, children status, family numbers, and household income could predict in varying degrees the drivers' intentional changes toward green transport in different policy scenarios. And the three policy options had different impacts on different types of population. Finally, we outlined the high and low policy objectives for the urban transport planning. This study will provide empirical evidence and suggestions for the policy-makers to manage different social and demographic groups when considering the effects of transport policies in the implementation of sustainable urban transportation."
"AB The present study investigated the synergistic effect of co-digesting food and green waste from institute campus for enhanced biogas production in different ratios in batch tests (37 +/- 1 A degrees C, 90 rpm, 45 days). The results showed that blending improved the biogas production significantly, with highest biogas yield (660 +/- 24 mL g(-1) volatile solids) that was achieved at 75:25 of food and green waste ratio on volatile solids basis. The yield was 1.7- and 1.9-fold higher than the mono-digestion of food and green waste (370 +/- 34; 342 +/- 36 mL g(-1) volatile solids), respectively. The increase in biogas production may be attributed to optimum carbon to nitrogen ratio resulting in higher yield. The addition of TiO2 nanoparticles showed virtually no effect on biogas production. Characterization was carried out to gain an insight of feedstocks. Modified Gompertz and logistics models were applied for kinetic study of biogas production where modified Gompertz model showed goodness of fit (R (2) = 0.9978) with the experimental results."
"AB This study investigates the impact of three institutional pressures, namely government, customer, and competitor pressures, on the environmental and operational performance of firms. These three institutional pressures are examined by implementing green supply chain management, considering the role of top management and studying social capital between buyers and suppliers in the supply chain. Data were collected through an electronic mail survey from buyer firms in the manufacturing industry in Korea. With 241 complete and usable responses, we used structural equation modeling to test our hypotheses. Our findings revealed that the majority of our hypotheses were supported, which is in line with the existing literature. However, the impact of coercive pressure on top management support and the impact of structural social capital on performance were found to be insignificant. The major contribution of our study is that it broadens the framework of green supply chain management (GSCM) by integrating major and recent constructs in the GSCM theory, while also providing instructive managerial implications through empirical evidence."
"AB This study examines the influence of informal institutional distance on the establishment mode strategies of foreign multinational enterprises (MNEs) in Ghana with the moderation role of experiential knowledge (related experience) and parent firm size. The empirical analysis is based on a sample of 223 green-field and acquisition market entries over the period 2001-2016, drawn from 20 countries. The study employs binomial logistic regression to establish the relationships among the variables, and the results reveal that high informal institutional distance leads to the preference for acquisitions over green-field investments. The study also finds that high level of experiential knowledge (related experience) and large parent firm size have positive relationship with acquisition establishment as compared to green-field investment. We therefore argue that strong related experience and large parent firm size strengthen the choice for acquisitions in relation to high informal institutional distance."
AB Purpose - The purpose of this paper is to examine the influence of intensity of market competition and strategic orientation on the adoption of green initiatives among public listed companies (PLCs) in Malaysia.
"AB Background: China's rapid urbanization over the past decades has exacerbated the problems of environmental degradation and health disparities. However, few studies have analysed the differences between urban and rural residents in relation to how environmental quality impacts health outcomes. This study examines the associations between Chinese people's perceptions of environmental quality and their self-rated health, particularly focusing on differences between rural and urban residents in environment-health relationships."
"AB Interest in the field of the development and implementation of the principles of green supply chains is increasing. Among theorists and practitioners of management, they are seen as a new trend and an innovative strategy. Ever-increasing customer requirements, the development of economies in the direction of closing the loop and the depletion of resources lead to a situation in which innovative solutions (including green supply chains) should be implemented. Qualitative and quantitative tools are used to assess their operations. This paper focuses largely on aspects of quantitative statistical methods that are used to assess individual elements of a supply chain, as well as a holistic approach to the evaluation of the entire chain. The methods that were chosen are an attempt to build a framework for a model and determine which of the tools are used in practice. The analysis includes an indication of the advantages, as well as the limitations, of the use of particular instruments. The second part of the paper includes an analysis of qualitative tools, devoting particular attention to tools and instruments from the area of management."
"AB The aim of this study is to explore the implementation of green supply chain management (GSCM) strategies and to select the best GSCM strategy using fuzzy analytical network process (ANP) methodology. The ANP helps in analyzing the interdependence and interrelations among the various determinants and dimensions of GSCM strategy selection. Fuzzy set theory is applied to avoid the vagueness and uncertainty in human preference judgement. This study uses an empirical case study of an Indian automobile organization to validate the applicability of the proposed model. The results show that the resource based strategy is in first position, having the maximum impact on each determinant. The case organization should improve the green management system with the assistance of a suitable GSCM strategy, i.e. the resource based strategy. This study may help managers to make decisions, and to analyze and standardize their environmental advantages dynamically. The robustness of the projected model is checked by conducting a sensitivity analysis. Copyright (c) 2018 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd and ERP Environment"
AB We assessed the effect of three different indices of urban built environment on allergic and respiratory conditions.
"AB Under the global consensus on reducing emissions, shipping companies are undertaking the social responsibility of greenhouse gas emission reduction. Meanwhile, it is a top priority for shipping companies to arrange the tugs and barges reasonably and achieve the goal of energy saving as well as emission reduction. Based on the above problem, this paper proposes a Mixed Integer Programming (MIP) model to jointly optimize the transport routes of tugs considering the barge transshipment, with the objective of minimizing the sum of the carbon emissions for barges handling, tugs travelling and waiting. In the view of specific problem, a Variable Neighborhood Search (VNS) algorithm is designed to solve this MIP model effectively. Numerical experiments based on different sizes of instances are implemented to validate the effectiveness of the proposed algorithm. Computational results indicate that the proposed model reduces carbon emissions by about 46.93% compared to the dispatching rule. Moreover, the consideration of barge transshipment in the model can reduce carbon emissions by about 10.46%. In addition, the VNS algorithm yields solutions with optimality gaps about 0.29% in a short time."
"AB This research contains a four layer framework which aims to identify the performance factors. The proposed model is tested and validated by 43 samples data by using variance-based SEM approach (PIS). It extends the body of research in integration and sustainable supply chain management. The four layers contain the integration factors, inland depot service quality, hauliers firms' sustainable performance and national logistics performance. A questionnaire survey and two expert groups were deployed. Survey respondents were managers of haulage companies which made up 30% of the 140 active companies. Annual revenue for a firm ranges from Ringgit Malaysia 1.25 million to 5 million. Each firm made an average of 170 trips to the depots daily. The theoretical contributions are the validation of industry-derived integration factors and the unwitting revelation that the stakeholder theory is unfazed by the downside of the agency theory. This surprisingly confirmed depot could still influence hauliers favourably. The practical contributions are the usefulness of the integration factor questionnaire items for future haulage studies, and that depots and hauliers should collaborate to lift national logistics performance. (C) 2016 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB Recently, much research has focused on lowering carbon emissions in logistics. This paper attempts to contribute to the literature on the joint shipment size and carbon reduction decisions by developing novel models for distribution systems under direct shipment and peddling distribution strategies. Unlike the literature that has simply investigated the effects of carbon costs on operational decisions, we address how to reduce carbon emissions and logistics costs by adjusting shipment size and making an optimal decision on carbon reduction investment. An optimal decision is made by analyzing the distribution cost including not only logistics and carbon trading costs but also the cost for adjusting carbon emission factors. No research has explicitly considered the two sources of carbon emissions, but we develop a model covering the difference in managing carbon emissions from transportation and storage. Structural analysis guides how to determine an optimal shipment size and emission factors in a closed form. Moreover, we analytically prove the possibility of reducing the distribution cost and carbon emissions at the same time. Numerical analysis follows validation of the results and demonstrates some interesting findings on carbon and distribution cost reduction."
"AB Background. A growing body of evidence has associated contact with green spaces with improved mental health and wellbeing in adults. Social contacts has been postulated as a potential mechanism underlying such effects. However, the available evidence on the association between green spaces and self-satisfaction and also the mediatory role of social contacts in health benefits of green spaces in adolescents is still very scarce. We aimed to evaluate the association of time spent in different types of green spaces with self-satisfaction and social contacts in adolescents. We also investigated the mediatory role of social contacts in the association of green space use and self-satisfaction."
"AB Nowadays, maximizing the production by reducing the associated risks in the supply chain and enhancing the final product quality by selecting the best providers are among the most fundamental challenges encountered within the equipment manufacturing industry worldwide. The lack of timely delivery of machines to customers and unregulated purchase of goods associated with the delivery of the machines are among the many problems faced by the manufactures. The proposed research aims to evaluate a Decision Support System (DSS) for selecting the most appropriate logistic service provider out of three service providers companies. Three companies X1, X2 and X3 were weighted and ranked using two decision-making methods, namely Fuzzy best-worst Method (FBWM) and Multiple Objective Optimizations on the basis of Ratio Analysis plus full Multiplicative Form (MULTIMOORA), considering eight criteria and their corresponding sub-criteria, respectively. Once finished with constructing the decision matrix, the analytical data being obtained from the two methods were processed using Microsoft Excel and the Lingo software. According to the results, it is concluded that Company X3 is the best logistics service provider. (C) 2020 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB Real-time safety analysis has been widely adopted to reveal the relationship between real-time traffic characteristics and crash occurrence, and these results could be applied to improve active traffic management systems and enhance safety performance. Most of the previous studies have been applied to freeways and seldom to arterials. This study attempts to examine the relationships between crash occurrence and real-time traffic and signal timing characteristics based on four urban arterials in Central Florida. Bayesian conditional logistic models (BCL) were developed by incorporating the Bluetooth, adaptive signal control, and weather data, which were extracted for a period of 20 min (four 5-minute intervals) before the time of crash occurrence. Model comparison results indicated that the model based on 5-10 min interval dataset performed the best. It revealed that the average speed, upstream left-turn volume, downstream green ratio, and rainy indicator were found to have significant effects on crash occurrence. Furthermore, Bayesian random parameters conditional logistic model (BRPCL) outperformed Bayesian random parameters logistic (BRPL) and Bayesian conditional logistic models (BCL) in terms of the area under the receiver operating characteristics curve (AUC) and Deviance Information Criterion (DIC) values. These results are important in real-time safety applications in the context of Integrated Active Traffic Management (IATM)."
"AB The Physical Internet concept was developed to address the current unsustainability problem of logistic systems. The key elements are the encapsulation and the handling of world-standard smart green modular containers (pi-containers) throughout an open global logistic infrastructure. Logistic processes such as partial loading/unloading or splitting/merging of pi-containers play an important role for a successful Physical Internet. However, the large variety of transformation processes can introduce desynchronisation between the physical and informational flows, i.e. the real composition of a composite pi-container (a set of stacked pi-containers) can differ of the information stored in the supply chain management system. To overcome this problem, this paper proposes a system to generate and maintain automatically a virtual three-dimensional layout reflecting the spatial distribution of pi-containers. The proposed approach uses smart pi-containers equipped with wireless sensor nodes. The relative position of pi-containers can be determined by the neighbourhood relationships between the sensor nodes. From this information, a constraint set is formulated in a Constraint Satisfaction Problem where each solution is a potential loading pattern. The methodology is developed and computational experiments are proposed, as a proof-of-concept. The results show that our proposed method yields quick and satisfactory results."
"AB Purpose: The aim of this study is to identify the best Material Handling Equipment (MHE) to minimize the carbon footprint of inbound logistic activities, based on the type of the warehouse (layout, facilities and order-picking strategy) as well as the weight of the loads to be handled."
"AB Unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) are expected to make groundbreaking changes in the logistics industry. Leading logistics companies have been developing and testing their usage of UAVs recently as an environmentally friendly and cost-effective option. In this paper, we investigate how much the UAV delivery service is environmentally friendly compared to the traditional ground vehicle (GV) delivery service. Since there are fuel (battery) and loadable weight restrictions in the UAV delivery, multi-hopping of UAV is necessary, which may cause a large consumption of electrical energy. We present a two-phase approach. In Phase I, a new vehicle routing model to obtain optimal delivery schedules for both UAV-alone and GV-alone delivery systems is proposed, which considers each system's restrictions, such as the max loadable weight and fuel replenishment. In Phase II, CO2 emissions are computed as a sustainability measure based on the travelling distance of the optimal route obtained from Phase I, along with various GV travel-speeds. A case study finds that the UAV-alone delivery system is much more CO2 efficient in all ranges of the GV speeds investigated."
AB Objective The accessibility of green space is an important aspect of the urban residential environment and has been found to be beneficial for health and well-being. This study investigates the association between different indicators of green space and the outcomes body mass index (BMI) and prevalent type 2 diabetes in an urban population.
"AB Background: Studies investigating the potential role of neighbourhood green space quality on the development of prosocial behaviour among children are sparse. This study aimed to investigate the longitudinal association between caregiver perceived green space quality and child prosocial behaviour, and identify potential effect modifiers of the association. Methods: This was a longitudinal study using data from the Longitudinal Study of Australian Children, involving 4,969 children aged 4?5 years that were biannually followed-up from 2004 to 2014. Prosocial behaviour was assessed using a prosocial scale from Goodman?s Strengths and Difficulties Questionnaire. Green space quality was measured based on caregiver perception of the availability of neighbourhood parks, playgrounds, and play spaces of good quality. Latent class analysis was used to partition children into groups denoting different levels of caregiver perceptions of green space quality accumulated over 10 years. Multinomial logistic regression was used to examine the likelihood of being in groups with favourable perception of green space quality. Multilevel linear regression was used to examine associations between trajectory groups and prosocial behaviour. Separate multivariate models were developed to assess the potential role of quality green space in reducing prosocial behaviour related inequalities. Furthermore, two-way interaction terms were added into the models to identify potential effect moderation. Results: There were six trajectory classes of green space quality perceived by caregivers. The likelihood of being in groups with better green space quality varied by neighbourhood circumstances. Children with consistently very good quality green space had higher prosocial behaviour (? = 0.35; 95%CI = 0.23, 0.47) than those with low quality green space. Better prosocial behaviour was also observed among children whose caregiver perception of green space quality trended from good to very good (? = 0.23; 95%CI = 0.11, 0.35) and from very good to good (? = 0.31; 95%CI = 0.20, 0.42) compared to children with consistently low quality green space. Very good quality green space perceived by caregivers over time potentially reduces socioeconomic inequalities in prosocial behaviour. Green space quality-prosocial behaviour association was stronger among boys, children speaking only English at home, those living in more affluent areas, and remote areas."
"AB The grassland vegetation green-up date helps to initiate the start of grassland grazing and is an important scientific issue in grassland phenology research. This study examined green-up in the Xilingol grasslands of northern China. A double logistic function was used to reconstruct a time series of Satellite Pour l'Observation de la Terre Vegetation (SPOT Vegetation) Normalized Difference Vegetation Index (NDVI) data from 1999 to 2012. The dynamic threshold method was used to monitor the green-up date via remote sensing. The study found that green-up dates occurred between early April and mid-May in most areas. Sample plots indicated that 68% of ground monitoring results were consistent with the remotely sensed green-up date. The root mean square error of the green-up date measured via remote sensing was 8.7days. The results are summarized as follows. (1) The green-up date of temperate desert grassland usually occurred around the first half of April but could be quite variable (standard deviation=28.65days). The green-up date of temperate grassland usually occurred in mid- to late April, and was somewhat variable (standard deviation=18.45days). The green-up date of temperate meadow grassland usually occurred in late April or early May with little variability (standard deviation=12.97days). (2) Linear trend analyses showed that only 13.9% of the pixels exhibited significant changes over the 14-year time series. However, the linear trend increased from the southeast to the northwest, with 57% of pixels demonstrating earlier green-up. Across the region, the linear trend exhibited an average rate of change of - 1.5days 10year(-1). In addition, we discuss correlations between green-up dates and meteorological factors at eight meteorological stations and analyse partial correlation coefficients between green-up dates and meteorological factors. The correlations measured at seven meteorological stations were statistically significant (p<0.05). The average correlative value of deterministic factors was 0.54. The partial correlation coefficients between green-up date and temperature prior to seedling establishment were negative at five stations, but this relationship was significant at only three stations. Partial correlation coefficients between green-up date and precipitation prior to seedling establishment were negative at all eight stations, of which five relationships were significant."
"AB With the improvement of the quality of life in human society, the need to use more natural resources is felt more than ever. In this regard, much research has been done on restoring depreciated and consumed products to the supply chain; many factors, including the quality of returned products, can significantly impact how the reverse logistics network will be used. The two-stage stochastic mixed-integer programming model proposed in this paper considers various processes of recovering recyclable products, including reuse, refurbishing, remanufacturing, recycling, and selling spare parts. Also, considering uncertainty on quality and quantity of returned products, product variety, and bill of material are model features. Due to the computational complexity of largescale problems, such problems require considerable time to solve. To tackle this issue, a hybrid algorithm constructed by a genetic algorithm and branch and cut algorithm (with CPLEX solver) has been introduced, which can significantly reduce the solution time. Finally, the algorithm is applied to a real-world problem to design a reverse logistics network for a small-size laboratory equipment manufacturer."
"AB This article presents a review of the research about the advance related to the Supply Chain Management and the Green Supply Chain Management. The review is done through content analysis, based on Articles published from 2005 until 2015. The investigations were classified according to the subject and the focus given to each of them. During the review it was evident that the research conducted on the subject SCM is done in order to create new strategies for collaboration between the various links in the SC and investigations concerning the GSCM point to design support tools including new processes and channels within the SC, aimed to remanufacturing, reprocessing and reuse of waste or life products generated in the normal SCM."
"AB This article addresses a product delivery and store network layout strategy problem considering not only firms' but also consumers' cost. The study presents several mathematical programming models to minimize the cost or maximize the profit. Then, we design a two-step solution method for exact solutions and present an implementation. The results show that a carbon cap will do more good than harm for the environment. Trying to minimize the cost from both sides will not only improve the efficiency of social resource use but also enable stores to attract more consumers. Limiting emissions for firms will result in significant emissions reduction without an excessive cost increase."
"AB Due to their long-term dual structures and rapid urbanization, cities and villages in developing countries are undergoing the challenges of urban-rural integration and ecological security. This study aims to determine the pattern of urban-rural spatial structures under the circumstances of ecological security in the future to promote the integrated, coordinated, green, and sustainable development of urban-rural spaces. Using a quantitative evaluation method, the logistic-CA model, the LCP (least cost path) model, and a classification of ecological importance, this study constructed an integrated simulation model based on a green infrastructure assessment and applied the model to simulate and predict the urban-rural spatial structure of the Harbin city territory (Harbin) in 2035. The results indicate that the urban-rural hierarchical scale structure of Harbin comprises a central city, sub-central city, central town, major town, common town, central village, and general village. The urban-rural traffic network structure forms a pattern of ""radiation + grid"", with Harbin city at the center of the structure. The urban-rural land use zoning structure consists of eco-spaces, agricultural spaces, and construction spaces. It can be concluded that in 2035, the urban-rural spatial structure of Harbin will show an increasing development tendency, where single-center, medium, and small cities in will Harbin develop, and traffic systems above the county level will also improve."
"AB This study analyzes the impact of a supplier's environmental management concerns (SEMC) on a buyer's environmental reputation. Data is drawn from Newsweek US 500 Green Rankings, Bloomberg's Supply Chain Analysis (SPLC) database, and the Kinder, Lydenberg, and Domini (KLD) dataset. A significant negative impact on a buyer's reputation from higher levels of SEMC is found. Greater relationship criticality with a supplier enhances this impact, while the impact is reduced for firms with greater size. In sum, the study contributes to the transportation and logistics literature regarding the key managerial issue of green supply chain."
"AB Transportation is one of the essential services in cities that contribute to the quality of life. As a result, efficient methods for transport planning have become increasingly important. Decision makers have considered collaborative strategies to reduce the overall cost of the supply process and to improve the efficiency and effectiveness of urban logistics systems. This paper assesses the implementation of an electric fleet of vehicles in collaborative urban distribution of goods, in order to reduce environmental impacts while maintaining a level of service. An approach using mathematical modeling with multiple objectives, for tactical and operational decision-making, is proposed to explore the relationship between the delivery cost and the sustainability impact. This approach has been validated using real-data taken from the city of Bogota, Colombia. Similarly, theoretical experiments in other countries have been performed to analyse the impact of the use of electric vehicles in the configuration of the transport network. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB This paper presents a routing and location (R&L) model able to help design an efficient reverse logistics channel for food waste, with particular attention to the waste generated at the retail stage of a food supply chain (FSC). The model, developed in Microsoft Excel(TM), is detailed along with its application in the Emilia-Romagna region of Italy, which is currently the location of a research project aimed at finding alternative ways to recover food waste rather than disposing of it in landfill sites. Several analyses are carried out exploiting the model, to derive some findings about the economic profitability of setting up a reverse logistics channel to recover food waste in the targeted region, and divert it to alternative use. As there are currently no studies that examine the problem of recovering food waste in Italy, this paper is expected to represent an interesting addition to the literature on this issue."
"AB The growing concern about the environment has been changing the people's behaviour, leading to questions about the origin of products and the damage they cause to the environment, resulting in a new type of consumer, known as ""green consumer"". The purpose is to identify the influence of socio-demographic and psychographic factors on the environmental behaviour of individuals in the city of Brasilia and to provide information for the planning of environmental marketing strategies. Data were collected through a questionnaire and by way of logistic regression as analytical tools. The results indicated that the environmentally conscious individuals are those with higher levels of education and, especially, those who perceive the effectiveness of their environmental actions, however small or isolated."
"AB In recent years, the manufacturer has received pressures from both consumers and government regarding the environmental awareness. The government has forced the manufacturer through regulations to take care their end-of-life products for reducing the environmental damage. Meanwhile, an increase in the consumers' environmental awareness leads to a competitive advantage to the manufacturer who has environmentally friendly products and processes. This study considers the green efforts from the manufacturer and retailer to deal with the government regulations and the consumers' environmental awareness. The purpose of this study is to investigate the behavior of supply-chain members in the green supply chain management under the reward-penalty mechanism from the government. Under the game-theoretical settings, the manufacturer seeks to maximize his/her profit by considering the optimal behaviors of the retailer and/or independent third party. The equilibrium solutions of the proposed models are obtained in the closed-form format. We found that the return rate and green effort can be improved by the reward-penalty mechanism. When considering decentralized channels under the reward-penalty mechanism, the manufacturer collects used products is deemed more effective when he/she cannot offer a higher transfer price."
"AB Green spaces have benefits but may also increase the risk of allergic disease. This study examined the association between the first occurrence of asthma and greenness exposure in children and teenagers. We conducted a 1:1 matched case-control study matched by sex, age, and the first diagnosis year with 7040 eligible subjects from a systematic sampling cohort database in Taiwan from 2001 to 2013. A normalized difference vegetation index (NDVI) value >= 0.4 was used as the criterion to determine the green space. The green cover images were then transformed to the green coverage rate in the township surrounding the residential areas of the asthma and control subjects. Conditional logistic regression analyses demonstrated that a significantly increased risk of asthma in preschool children was associated with the surrounding greenness after adjusting for urbanization level, frequency of healthcare provider visits, mean township family income, CO, NOx, and PM2.5. The risk of asthma occurrence increased significantly with increasing greenness exposure (p-trend < 0.05). Nevertheless, exposure to the highest greenness levels (81-100%) was not associated with a significantly higher risk of asthma occurrence than was exposure to the lowest values (0-20%) of greenness. This study suggests that green space design should consider more effective methods of reducing the allergy impact."
"AB This paper introduces a green inventory routing problem with a heterogeneous fleet which extends the conventional inventory routing problem by considering environmental impacts and heterogeneous vehicles. A comprehensive objective is proposed, which minimizes the sum of inventory cost and routing cost, where the latter includes driver wage, vehicle fixed cost, fuel and emission costs, in which fuel consumption and emissions are determined by load, distance, speed and vehicle characteristics. We first construct a mixed-integer program, and then conduct numerical tests to quantify the benefits of using a comprehensive objective and heterogeneous vehicles. Managerial insights are also drawn from parameter analyses. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Purpose - The purpose of this paper is to investigate the prevalence of the application of standards and their positive influence on the efficiency and competitiveness of Slovenian logistics service providers. Moreover, an analysis was also done on the relationship between the adoption of the environmental standard and greater concern for the environment."
"AB The purpose of this study is to explore the drivers and value-relevance of corporate social responsibility performance in the logistics sector by particularly focusing on board characteristics and ownership structure. Corporate social responsibility performance is measured with a composite ESG (environmental, social, and governance) score and with its three sub-dimensions between 2011 and 2018. Fixed Effects regression analysis was run to test the hypotheses, and subsequently, Ordinary Least Squares regression was run to test the robustness of the results. The results suggest that board gender diversity is positively associated with overall corporate social responsibility performance and governance performance. Moreover, the firms which have a sustainability committee are more likely to have greater corporate social responsibility performance (both overall and social) than those do not. Furthermore, firms with diffused ownership structures are more likely to show greater performance in the Social Pillar of corporate social responsibility. Board independence has a weak association with only governance performance. Contrary to expectations, the results regarding the value relevance of corporate social responsibility performance did not produce significant positive outcomes. These findings confirm that women on boards and corporate social responsibility committees are an essential factor to achieve corporate social responsibility goals. However, the insignificant relationship between board characteristics and the Environmental Pillar of corporate social responsibility performance is quite surprising, and the discovery sparks various queries. Finally, logistics firms need to reconsider the competency or role of independent directors in corporate social responsibility issues as currently they are weakly influential."
"AB An increasing number of people are conscious of the environmental awareness in various industries, particularly in city areas. It is now a popular trend for the urban catering service industry to outsource its labor-intensive activities, such as dishwashing, to a central dishwashing facility, in which labor force management and optimization are essential. Moreover, the increasing labor cost and fluctuating labor supply drive the increasing need for labor force optimization. This research develops an in-plant logistics simulation model for a central dishwashing facility with the purpose of improving its labor force utilization rate. A discrete event simulation model is established to simulate the tableware washing process, and this model is employed in a one-stop environmentally hygienic dishwashing service provider for trial implementation. The simulation result has been compared with actual situations, identifies the main bottlenecks of the tableware washing process, optimizes the utilization rate of the labor force, and further helps to improve the productivity."
"AB This study presents processes to evaluate the optimal collecting strategy (CS) in reverse logistic (RL) for the downstream part of the Taiwan photovoltaic industry (TPI). It combines the analytic hierarchy process (AHP) with the technique for ordering preference by similarity to the ideal solution (TOPSIS). The criteria and sub-criteria were initially established to assess the related benefits, opportunities, costs, and risks (BOCR). AHP was then used to obtain the weightings of the criteria and sub-criteria and TOPSIS was used to rank the optimal collection strategy in terms of its overall evaluation criteria. The AHP and TOPSIS method provides decision makers with a valuable reference for assessing the optimal collection strategy of TPI downstream. The results of the study should provide decision makers in the downstream TPI with academic support and valuable guidance for evaluating their collection program and obtain optimal strategies for administering RL practices."
"AB The management of 'sustainable' issues in supply chain is attracting much attention from the academia and corporate world. Sustainability has turn out to be a major concern for organizations to integrate ecological and societal issues in their business strategy. Therefore, this paper explores the importance of Critical Success Factors (CSFs) to implement Green Supply Chain Management (GSCM) towards sustainability taking into account the automobile industry of India. The hypothesized relationships of the proposed framework have been tested by analyzing data collected from 123 Indian automobile organizations. This study examined impacts of CSFs to implement GSCM towards sustainability on current green practices implemented by Indian automobile industry and expected organizational performance outcomes by using multiple regression analysis. The findings point out that the 'Regulatory' CSF has been identified which plays the most important role in promoting the green practices. 'Internal Management' and 'Competitiveness' CSFs playing a crucial role towards achievement of expected performance outcomes. The present research will assist the practitioners/managers to understand various GSCM implementation issues and to improve their practices and performances towards sustainable development. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB China has witnessed a rapid development of the chemical industry and has become the largest chemicals producing country in the last decade, where more than 45% of the companies above designated-size have been clustered into a large number of chemical industrial parks. Greening the development of chemical industrial parks in China is crucial to local environment and has long been a big challenge. Deploying industrial ecology strategies in chemical industrial park will enhance both economic and environmental performances. This study reviewed the eco-industrial development in the Shanghai Chemical Industrial Park (SCIP) and its performance. SCIP is a newly established industrial park producing petrochemicals and downstream fine chemicals and is considered as a hallmark of the chemical industrial parks in China, in regards to eco-industrial development from the scratch and its good economic and environmental performances. The key lessons drawn from SCIP are as follows: (1) Its design and construction complies with a top-down and environmentally friendly pattern in line with industrial ecology strategy by integrating upstream and downstream chemicals, utilities and infrastructure, logistics, safety and environmental management; and public services within the park holistically, (2) SOP created a vertically integrated chemicals manufacturing network, from naphtha to polymers, to extend the value chain as much as possible, via the geographical proximity of upstream-downstream linkage and economy of scale, (3) A delicately designed infrastructure and utility symbiotic network, logistic system, and 24-7 online safety and environmental management system sustained the food web efficiently. The implementation of top-down eco-industrial development planning and rich experience cumulated thereof in SCIP will be a benchmark and enlightenment of key factors for facilitating green development of other chemical industrial parks in China. (C) 2016 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB Background and objectives:Many studies have been carried out on the negative health effects of exposure to PM10, PM2.5, NO2, CO, SO(2)and B[a]P for small populations. The main purpose of this study was to explore the association of air pollution to diagnosis of asthma for the whole huge population of school children between 7-17 years in Vilnius (Lithuania) using geographical information system analysis tools.Material and Methods:In the research, a child population of 51,235 individuals was involved. From this large database, we identified children who had asthma diagnosis J45 (ICD-10 AM). Residential pollution concentrations and proximity to roads and green spaces were obtained using the ArcGIS spatial analysis tool from simulated air pollution maps. Multiple stepwise logistic regression was used to explore the relation between air pollution concentration and proximity between the roads and green spaces where children with asthma were living. Further, we explored the interaction between variables.Results:From 51,235 school children aged 7-17 years, 3065 children had asthma in 2017. We investigated significant associations, such as the likelihood of getting sick with age (odds ratio (OR) = 0.949,p< 0.001), gender (OR = 1.357,p= 0.003), NO2(OR = 1.013,p= 0.019), distance from the green spaces (OR = 1.327,p= 0.013) and interactions of age x gender (OR = 1.024,p= 0.051). The influence of gender on disease is partly explained by different age dependency slopes for boys and girls.Conclusions:According to our results, younger children are more likely to get sick, more cases appended on the lowest age group from 7 to 10 years (almost half cases (49.2%)) and asthma was respectively nearly twice more common in boys (64.1%) than in girls (35.9%). The risk of asthma is related to a higher concentration of NO(2)and residence proximity to green spaces."
"AB Ecological environmental early-warning can make timely warning to predict the ecosystem degradation and the deterioration of environmental quality caused by industry development activities. The sustainable development of strategic emerging industries is taken as a starting point, this paper analyzes the impact of industrial activities on the ecological environment, and constructs the ecological environmental early-warning indicator system. This paper defines the research objects, and respectively selects sixty listed companies as the training samples and the testing samples. By the normal distribution tests and the factor analysis, five indicators are chosen. The Logistic regression early-warning model is constructed by two indicators which pass the significance test. Finally, the results of empirical analysis show that the early-warning model can provide an ideal warning for ecological environmental position, and can give an effective judgment on ecological environmental problems. The research can provide a certain basis for the sustainable coordination development between strategic emerging industries and ecological environment."
"AB This study involves green technology investment to control the carbon emission from greenhouse operation and to reduce product deteriorations by applying preservation technology due to carbon emission concerns along with the preservation technology strategy is still rare in the literatures. Emis-sions from different industries and vehicles are the prime reason for ecological imbalance and envi-ronmental issues. Firms need to comply with ecological and social obligations to sustain operational activities. Greenhouse product retailers may utilize preservation technology to extend the product lifecycle to reduce environmental impacts. However, other logistics operations may emit CO2 into the air. This study is contributed in twofolds. (1) this study applies preservation technology how to reduce product deteriorations; and (2) this tudy proposes suitable green technology investment and preser-vation technology to reduce both carbon emission and product deterioration. The proposed model considers non-instantaneous deterioration, advance payments and partial backorder strategies together. The results and sensitivity analysis demonstrate the positive impacts of controllable carbon emission and deterioration on the total inventory model profit. The cases illustrate 12% increased in the total profit from green technology investment and 23% increased from both preservation and green technology investments. (c) 2021 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB To reduce environmental pollution and promote sustainable development, more and more suppliers are committed to producing more environmentally friendly products such as green electrical appliances through a green supply chain (GSC) system. However, some suppliers are often limited by a lack of funds in the production and supply process. In this paper, buyer-supported purchase order financing (BPOF) and advance payment discount (APD) are adopted to help the supplier successfully produce green products in a GSC system consisting of a financially constrained supplier and a reputable retailer. Moreover, the salvage values of unsold inventory in most traditional models are fixed, but in real life, the salvage value tends to be time dependent. Therefore, how the time-varying salvage value affects the operation and financing decisions as well as the profit risks is studied. We find that the clearance time of the unsold items affects the optimal order quantity and the supplier's discount rate and the financial institution's optimal interest rate. In addition, the financing equilibrium is BPOF under certain conditions, and the profit risks of the retailer and the entire supply chain are increasing with the order quantity and the clearance time. Finally, our results are verified through numerical analysis."
"AB Evidence suggests that manufacturing companies have tried to address the current environmental challenges derived from their operations by implementing various operational environmental sustain ability approaches, including green manufacturing (GM), cleaner production (CP), green lean (GL), green supply chain management (GSCM), reverse logistics (RLs) and circular economy (CE). However, although their adoption is well documented in developed nations and few other countries, very little has been done to understand such phenomenon in a rapid developing country such as Thailand. This paper aims at filling this gap by providing light into some fundamental issues regarding the implementation of these approaches in the manufacturing sector of Thailand. A survey-based exploratory research was carried out based on 287 Thai manufacturing companies. The data was analysed using a combination of descriptive and inferential statics. The study revealed that a large amount of investment capacity, and proper training & knowledge are needed to fully implement the studied operational approaches. This resulted in some of the weakest elements of Thai manufacturing firms and hence the main barriers to their implementation. The study also showed that Thai manufacturing firms consider the impact on the environment and benefits from adopting these operational approaches as company's policy and own initiative, environmental awareness, and cost saving from conservation of energy as the main reasons for adopting the studied operational approaches. Finally, the findings also indicate that Thai manufacturing firms tend to implement them because of internal factors and that they lack of motivation from external factors and involvement from other stakeholders. The paper extends the current limited knowledge on the deployment of operational environmental sustainability approaches in Asia, and its results can be beneficial for organisations that aim at effectively adopting them to improve their operation's sustainability. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB This work proposes a hybrid scheme that combines a simulation model and a mathematical programming model for designing logistic networks for co-firing biomass, specifically switchgrass, in conventional coal-fired power plants. The advantages of co-firing biomass include: (1) the creation of green jobs; (2) the efficient use of current power plant infrastructure; (3) fostering the penetration of renewable energy into power networks; and, (4) the reduction of greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. The novelty of this work lies in the inclusion of (1) the inherent variability of biomass supply at the parcel level, and (2) the effects of climate change on future biomass supply when designing a feedstock logistic network. The design optimization is conducted at the farm/parcel level (most, if not all, previous works have used county level average data) and integrates the crop growth predictions employing United States Department of Agriculture's (USDA's) Agricultural Land Management with Numerical Assessment Criteria (ALMANAC) simulation model; the output of the simulations is input into the mixed integer linear programming (MILP) hub-and-spoke model to minimize the overall cost of the logistic network. Specifically, the MILP-based model selects the parcels and depot locations as well as biomass transportation flows by taking into consideration different types of soil, land cover characteristics, and predicted yields, which account for both historical and forecasted weather data. The hybrid methodology was tested by solving realistic situations, which considered varying weather conditions. The gross results indicate that the optimized logistic network enabled meeting a 20% biomass co-firing rate demand, which reduced 1,158,867 Mg per year in GHG emissions by co-firing with biomass."
"AB The integration of the disciplines of both the green operation and the complex supply chain (including purchasing, production and logistics) came into focus in the 1990s. In the literature review the focus of the researchers of this cross-sectional field was the automotive industry. It seems obvious that these closely-knit systems with high OEM dominance will offer more concrete results: it is difficult to resist when a given OEM starts to involve its first-, second-and third tier suppliers into its environmental schemes and processes. The Hungarian automotive sector can be characterized as somewhat one-sided: it consists of by few large international OEM's (Audi, Mercedes-Benz, Opel, Suzuki, Raba), but by a large number of small-medium enterprises as 3rd (or even 4th!) tier suppliers. The aim of the paper was to find out whether companies acting as a member of more advanced chains show also better results in their ""green"" supply-chain-behavior. As a study description, in our empirical research, we have created a toolkit, and examined whether companies, which are using more sophisticated inter-organizational cooperation-tools, are more environmentally cautious, and if yes to what extent. As a result, discussion it can be stated that companies with a higher developed traditional Supply Chain have also a more developed green supply chain management system."
"AB The composition of the residential environment may have an independent influence on health, especially in older adults. In this cross-sectional study, we examined the associations between proximity to two features of the residential environment (green space and senior service centers) and three aspects of healthy aging (self-rated physical constitution, disability, and health-related quality of life). We included 1711 inhabitants from the city of Augsburg, Germany, aged 65 years or older, who participated in the KORA-Age study conducted in 2008/2009. We calculated the Euclidian distances between each participant's residential address and the nearest green space or senior service center, using a geographic information system. Multilevel logistic regression models were fitted to analyze the associations, controlling for demographic and socioeconomic factors. Contrary to expectations, we did not find clear associations between the distances to the nearest green space or senior service center and any of the examined aspects of healthy aging. The importance of living close to green space may largely depend on the study location. The city of Augsburg is relatively small (about 267,000 inhabitants) and has a high proportion of greenness. Thus, proximity to green space may not be as important as in a densely populated metropolitan area. Moreover, an objectively defined measure of access such as Euclidian distance may not reflect the actual use. Future studies should try to assess the importance of resources of the residential environment not only objectively, but also from the resident's perspective."
"AB Road freight transportation literature increasingly concentrates on environmental aspects to reduce logistics contribution to carbon dioxide emissions. Some literature reviews highlight specific mitigation and adaptation strategies, but the overarching research directions to identify emerging areas and general trends of the field have not yet been clustered or synthesized. This paper presents a systematic quantitative review of the road freight transportation decarbonization literature leveraging bibliographic coupling and network analysis techniques. It contributes to the understanding of road freight decarbonization and provides recommendations for further investigations of the field by systematically mapping the literature body. This way, key research clusters are outlined and visualized to understand the underlying knowledge structure. The findings reveal a diverse and fast-growing research field, which in large parts focuses on route optimizations, last-mile solutions, and alternative fuels, while offering future research opportunities that address organizational barriers currently hindering collaboration and technological or operational measures for longhaul transportations."
"AB Within the context of reverse logistics (RL), only a few studies have focused on the management characteristics that lead to effectively implementing RL. From the myriad of potential factors of effective RL, the paper focuses on the role of knowledge management, 1st-tier integration and the extent of RL planning, as these factors and their mutual relations have been neglected by empirical research to date. The paper develops a theoretical model to fill this gap and tests it using structural equation modelling on primary data. The findings based on 146 cases support that knowledge management, the extent of RL planning and the level of integration with the 1st-tier supply chain members are the factors related to the effectiveness of RL. The study underpins the importance of long-term RL planning and deeper integration and collaboration with customers and suppliers for effective RL and so to reduce the negative impact of product returns."
"AB Environmental crises and increasing pressure from governments are responsible for the appearance of various green approaches to be considered in supply chain management. One of these approaches is sustainable supply chains, which have been implemented in different aspects of supply chains. Most third-party logistics (3 PLs) companies now provide their services utilizing the sustainable supply chain approach. In this study, we consider a 3PL in a supply chain with two goals: decreasing carbon emission and delivery time using a game theoretic approach, which is considered for the first time. We suppose that consumers are aware about the green transportation. Also, it is assumed that two manufacturers deliver their products to the same retailer using a 3 PL. The manufacturers use the 3 PL mainly because it is a way to provide green transportation and increase customer satisfaction by ensuring that products are delivered in a timely fashion to the retailer. This paper examines product pricing, the greenness determination for the first manufacturer's product, and the variables for the 3 PL, including the amount of carbon dioxide emissions and delivery time. Three scenarios are considered in this research: a centralized game and two decentralized games. The results show that it is essential to establish competition between the supply chain members to obtain greater profitability and an acceptable level of sustain ability indicators. In the decentralized Stackelberg game between the manufacturers, they earn the highest profit. In the centralized game, the product greenness is the lowest, and in the decentralized game when the 3 PL is the leader, the product greenness is the highest. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB The newsboy problem (NP) has numerous applications for decision making in logistics and industrial systems. This paper presents a novel and practical two-stage NP in a green supply chain for a manufacturing vendor in case that in addition to the finished products, raw materials are provided at the start of the selling period. In this case, they may needed to be manufactured in order to produce the required finished products during the selling period. This paper tries to integrate the proposed two-stage NP and a supplier selection problem under a single-sourcing strategy. In the green supply chain, the vendor should select appropriate suppliers to purchase the raw materials and finished products. Moreover, it is assumed that the vendor has several vehicle types that can dispatch them to ship the purchased raw materials from the selected suppliers. However, to emphasize on the green approach as well as to create a green supply chain, a limitation on total greenhouse gas emissions of the selected vehicles is considered. The objective is to maximize the expected total vendor's profit under three scenarios with respect to the total cost of supplier selection and the total transportation cost of vehicles subject to the budget and storage space constraints. Finally, by using GAMS software, some numerical experiments are presented to demonstrate the applicability of the proposed model. Sensitivity analyses on the impact of supplier and vehicle selection, and green transportation are conducted to provide more insights as well."
"AB Purpose The built environment is a major source of carbon emissions. However, 80 per cent of the damage arises through the operational phase of a building's life. Office buildings are the most significant building type in terms of emission-reduction potential. Yet, little research has been undertaken to examine the barriers faced by building operators in transitioning to a green operation of the office buildings in their care. This study aims to identify those barriers. Design/methodology/approach Building facilities managers with between 7 and 25 years' experience in operating primarily Melbourne high-rise office buildings were interviewed. The sample was taken from LinkedIn connections, with ten agreeing to participate in semi-structured interviews - out of the 17 invitations sent out. Interview comments were recorded, coded and categorised to identify the barriers sought by this study. Findings Seven categories of barriers to effecting green operation of office buildings were extracted. These were financial, owner-related, tenant-related, technological, regulatory, architectural and stakeholder interest conflicts. Difficulties identifying green operation strategies that improved cost performance or return on investment of buildings was the major barrier. Originality/value The uptake of green operation of office buildings has been extremely slow. Though barriers have been hypothesised in earlier works, this is the first study, to the best of the authors' knowledge, that categorically identifies and tabulates the barriers that stand in the way of improving the green operational performance of office buildings, drawing on the direct knowledge of facilities experts."
"AB Purpose The objective of this article is to carry out the driving power and dependency analysis of green human resource management (GHRM) indicators of the automotive service sector to identify the most significant ones. Design/methodology/approach The GHRM indicators were identified through exhaustive literature search and validated through the semi-structured interview with 15 domain experts. The 'Total Interpretive Structural Modelling (TISM)' approach was applied for exploring the contextual relationship between the indicators and simultaneously developing their structural hierarchy. The MICMAC analysis was used for categorising the indicators based on their ability to influence the other ones. Findings In the present study, indicators namely 'Green organisational culture and adoption of green strategy (C5)' and 'Green training and development (C1)' were found to be the significant ones, whereas 'Green employee relations and union-management (C10)' was found to be highly dependent on the rest of the indicators."
"AB Aims: The need for studies from more countries on the relationship between urban green space and health has been emphasized. The aim of this study was to investigate the association between two types of measurement of urban green space and self-reported lifestyle-related disorders in Oslo, Norway. Methods: Self-reported measures on mental disorders, asthma, type 2 diabetes and musculoskeletal pain of 8638 participants in the Oslo Health Study (HUBRO) were linked to two types of green space variables: the vegetation cover greenness derived from satellite data, which shows the city's vegetation cover regardless of property boundaries, and the land use greenness derived from municipal plans showing information about publicly accessible vegetation-covered areas. Associations between greenness and health measures were analysed by logistic regression models controlling for possible individual and contextual confounders. Results: Increasing vegetation cover greenness was associated with fewer self-reported mental disorders for both men and women after controlling for possible confounders. The proportion of women who reported high levels of musculoskeletal pain increased with increasing degrees of both of the greenness measurements, but no significant association was observed for men. No association was found for asthma and diabetes type 2 for either men or women. Conclusions: Although there was a positive association between vegetation cover greenness and self-reported mental disorders, the main findings showed mixed results. The lack of clear associations between urban green space and lifestyle-related health disorders in Oslo might have been influenced by a large proportion of the inhabitants having easy access to green areas."
AB Background: Indocyanine green angiography has gained popularity in breast reconstruction for its ability to assess mastectomy skin and tissue flap viability. The authors aim to analyze trends and outcomes associated with indocyanine green angiography use in breast reconstruction.
"AB Poor logistical infrastructure and agri-food supply chain management leads to significant food waste in logistic system. The concept of the sustainable value added agri-food chains requires defined approach to the analysis of the existing situation, possible improving strategies and also assessment of these changes impact on further development. The purpose of research is to provide scientific substantiation of theoretical and methodological principles and develop practical recommendations for the improvement of the agri-food logistics distribution system. A case study methodology is used in this article. The research framework is based on 4 steps: Value Stream Mapping (VSM), Gap and Process Analysis, Validation and Improvement Areas Definition and Imitation Modelling. This paper presents the appropriateness of LEAN logistics tools using, in particular, Value Stream Mapping (VSM) for minimizing logistic losses and Simulation Modeling of possible logistics distribution system improvement results. The algorithm of VSM analysis of the agri-food supply chain, which involves its optimization by implementing the principles of sustainable development at each stage, is proposed. The methodical approach to the analysis of possible ways for optimizing the operation of the logistics system of the agri-food distribution is developed. It involves the application of Value Stream Mapping, i.e. designing of stream maps of the creation of the added value in the agri-food supply chain for the current and future state based on the minimization of logistic losses. Simulation modeling of the investment project on time optimization in the agri-food supply chain and economic effect of proposed improvements in logistics product distribution system functioning at the level of the investigated agricultural enterprise has been determined. Improvement of logistics planning and coordination of operations in the supply chain and the innovative pre-cooling system proposed to be introduced have a 3-year payback period and almost 75-80% probability. Based on the conducted VSM analysis of losses in the agri-food supply chain, there have been determined the main points, where it is advisable to conduct optimization changes for the achievement of positive results and the significant economic effect from the proposed measures has been confirmed. In further studies, it is recommended to focus on identifying the synergistic effect of the agri-food supply chain optimization on the basis of sustainable development."
"AB A new optimization model and solution approach for the Electric Vehicle Routing Problem (EVRP) is presented in this research, where the electric vehicles are used to deliver the products from manufacturing plant to multiple customers through a split delivery system which allows vehicles to partially recharged and return to a depot to get more loads if needed. The proposed model is a Mixed Integer Linear Programming (MILP) model used to determine the optimal route achieving the desired objective function for each vehicle which ensures maximization of customer satisfaction by minimizing total amount deviations and minimization of total distribution time. CPLEX solver is used to solving the different sizes of data sets to test the performance of the model, while a new heuristic approach is constructed to solve the same data sets. Then the results of the heuristic are compared with those obtained by CPLEX. The results of the small size data sets show that the CPLEX and heuristic obtain a competitive solution in terms of both computation time and solution quality. For medium-size data sets, the proposed heuristic can find the same or better solution for some of them compared with the result produced by CPLEX."
"AB This paper is mainly committed to constructing a new model for solving interval-valued fuzzy cooperative games based on the least square excess. We propose the interval-valued least square excess solution according to the solution concept of the least square prenucleolus and the least square nucleolus for solving crisp cooperative games. In order to obtain the corresponding optimal analytical solution, one mathematic programming model is constructed. The least square excess solution can be used to determine plays' payoffs directly. Considering the fuzziness and uncertainty existing in the process of the road freight coalition, we establish the interval-valued fuzzy utility function of the road freight coalition that can properly reflect the real situation in view of the green logistics. The illustratively calculated results show that the least square excess solution proposed in this paper is effectual and ascendant, and satisfied many important and useful properties of cooperative games, such as symmetry and uniqueness. As for the problems of interval-valued cooperative games, the model proposed in this paper can be applied appropriately to obtain the players' interval-valued payoffs."
"AB Traffic congestion significantly increases CO2 (a well-known greenhouse gas) emissions of vehicles in road transportation and causes other environmental costs as well. A road-based delivery company can reduce its CO2 emissions through operational decisions such as efficient vehicle routes and delivery schedules by considering time-varying traffic congestion in its service area. In this paper, we study the time-dependent vehicle routing & scheduling problem with CO2 emissions optimization (TD-VRSP-CO2) and develop an exact dynamic programming algorithm to determine the optimal vehicle schedules for given vehicle routes. A hybrid solution approach that combines a genetic algorithm with the exact dynamic programming procedure (GA-DP) is proposed as an efficient solution approach for the TD-VRSP-CO2. Computational experiments on 30 small-sized instances arid 14 large-sized instances are used to study the efficiency and effectiveness of the proposed hybrid optimization approach with promising results. Contributions of this study can help road-based delivery companies be ready for a low-carbon economy and also help individual vehicle drivers make better vehicle scheduling plans with lower CO2 emissions and fuel consumption. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB This study aims to propose a decision-making approach combining multi-criteria analysis and fuzzy logic within the online analytical processing data cube model (OLAP). Indeed, most decision-making systems are based on models of operational research. These models are often composed of quantitative data and postulate the existence of a single objective function (criterion) representing the preferences of decision-makers. However, in reality, we are faced with a more complex situation where several criteria (quantitative and/or qualitative) should be taken into account. It is therefore natural to consider different types of data (more criteria) in the design of OLAP cubes and decision-making systems. Multi-criteria decision analysis (MCDA) combined with fuzzy sets theory offers an efficient approach to solve complex decision problems. So we believe it is useful and necessary to envisage, for OLAP cubes, an optimized data model taking into account several criteria, on which we can apply new methods of MCDA. We end our contribution by applying the decision support process of this paper to pro-pose a scheme of green logistics for large industrial zones in the city of Casablanca, Morocco."
"AB A unique calibration equation for all radiochromic film types is proposed. The determination of this equation comes from an analogy that the authors made between the radiochromic and photographic processes. Photography dynamics is ruled by a differential equation, the logistic equation, describing phenomena of growth versus competition. A solution of the logistic equation is the Green-Saunders equation which was used for the first time by the same authors in a previous referred work for the calibration of a set of EBT3 Gafchromic films. Since this equation has a fundamental physical interpretation, the fitting parameters also represent important physical quantities and two of them in particular fix the film dynamics; one being the contrast and the other the abscissa of the inflection point of the sensitometric curve. In order to show the validity of this approach for more than one radiochromic film type, two sets of radiochromic films, the B3 and HD-V2 Gafchromic films were exposed to several known doses and the Green-Saunders equation was found to perfectly fit the experimental data. A comparison with the same procedure used for EBT3 Gafchromic films is proposed. The findings of this work are an important step forward in the understanding of an interesting and widely used dosimetry technique."
"AB The Location Routing Problem (LRP), a branch of logistics management, has been addressed in many research papers. However, there are few papers on time-dependent LRP. And only a few of them take fuel consumption into consideration. To reduce the environmental pollution from vehicle emissions and the cost pressure on logistics, a novel model named the time-dependent green location routing problem with time windows (TDGLRP) is developed. Its objective is to minimize costs including opened depot costs, enabled vehicle costs and fuel consumption costs. In TDGLRP the speed and travel times are time-dependent function. A hyper-heuristic algorithm (HH) that consists of two levels, high-level heuristics (HLHs) and low-level heuristics (LLHs), is proposed to solve the TDLGRP. The Tabu Search (TS) algorithm is taken as the high-level selection mechanism, and the Greedy algorithm is taken as the acceptance mechanism. With reference to the Solomon benchmarks, we design a series of TDGLRP instances with 100 client nodes, and analyze the impact of client distribution characteristics on the path. Based on the TDGLRP model and HH, the end of the article gives the solution results of a large-scale instances with 1000 nodes."
"AB In recent years, China's influence as the dominant importer of waste products has reshaped global waste trade through restrictive programs such as Operation Green Fence in 2013 and National Sword in 2017. These restrictions have greatly affected not only China's import of waste products but also the international trade and global logistics of these products. China's import restrictions in 2017 decreased the country's import of waste plastic by 92% and used paper by 56%. It also increased the unit value of these two categories of waste by 27% and 13%, respectively, showing an improvement in the quality of imported waste. Most of these impacts originate from intensive margins. The restrictions diverted the flow of waste mostly to the low- and middle-income countries of the East Asian and Pacific regions along with Europe and Central Asia, as their imports increased by 161% and 266% for waste plastic and 101% and 77% for used paper, respectively. Compared with Operation Green Fence, the impact of the 2017 National Sword has been much higher, with shipping companies faced with a lack of products on backhaul routes and forced to change their longstanding practices."
AB Tunisia is experiencing rapid social and economic expectations. The penetration of information and communication technology (ICT) might be useful for green economic development. This paper takes a novel use of the logistic smooth transition regression model in studying the pattern from the link between economic growth and CO2 emissions over the period 1970-2018. The results indicate that the pattern of CO2 emissions follows a nonlinear model with ICT as a transition variable affecting the relationship between total factor productivity (TFP) and CO2 emissions. More ICT use improves carbon efficiency. The results showed that ICT could boost economic growth and mitigate climate change.
"AB Reducing distribution costs is one of the effective ways for logistics enterprises to improve their core competitiveness. Aiming at the multi-depot vehicle routing problem under the time-varying road network, this paper proposes an integer programming model with the minimum total costs by comprehensively considering the fixed costs of vehicles, penalty costs on earliness and tardiness, fuel costs and the effects of vehicle speed, load and road gradient on fuel consumption. A hybrid genetic algorithm with variable neighborhood search is developed to solve the problem. In the algorithm, the temporal-spatial distance is introduced to cluster the customers to generate an initial population to improve the quality of the initial solution. Adaptive neighborhood search times strategy and simulated annealing inferior solution acceptance mechanism are used to balance the diversification and exploitation in the algorithm iteration process. Numerical results show that the model and algorithm we proposed are rather effective. The research results not only deepen and expand the vehicle routing problem (VRP) theory research, but also provide a scientific and reasonable method for logistics enterprises to make the vehicle scheduling plan. (C) 2021 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Implementation of the Grain for Green program (GGP) intensifies land use/cover change (LUCC) in the loess hilly-gully region. Clarifying the response of LUCC to the GGP and its driving forces are basic premises to implement the GGP more effectively for alleviating soil erosion in this region. This study analyzed the spatio-temporal characteristics of conversion of cultivated land to forest land and grassland in two study periods of 2000-2010 and 2010-2018. The transition matrix model and the dynamic degree model were utilized to explore changes among cultivated land, forest land, and grassland based on the remote sensing (RS) and monitoring data of land use in 2000, 2010, and 2018. Secondly, further detection on driving forces of increase of forest land and grassland was conducted through the logistic regression model. Fourteen driving factors were selected: the GGP, elevation, slope, population density, GDP per land area, distance to city, distance to residential area, etc. The results revealed that: (1) Area of cultivated land was mainly transferred to forest land and grassland during two study periods. The conversion of cultivated land to forest land and grassland occupied 21.48% and 68.01% of outward-transferring area of cultivated land from 2000 to 2010, and accounted for 13.26% and 74.3% from 2010 to 2018; (2) From the results of the logistic regression model, elevation, the GGP, annual mean temperature, slope III (6-15 degrees), and GDP per land area were the main driving forces from 2000 to 2010. Moreover, the most prominent driving forces were the GGP, elevation, rural population density, slope III (6-15 degrees), and soil pH from 2010 to 2018. The findings of this study can help us better understand the conversion of cultivated land to forest land and grassland under the GGP and provide a scientific basis to facilitate sustainable development of land resources in the study area."
"AB The introduction of biodiesel to the energy production of Brazil occurred mainly because of a legislative incentive that delimits minimum contents of this biofuel to be added to conventional diesel in the whole country. Despite the growth prospects for this sector, there are several difficulties related to the use of biodiesel in combustion engines. Hydroprocessed diesel or green diesel is a viable alternative of renewable biofuel to complement the conventional diesel production; it presents several technical and economic advantages over the biodiesel produced through the transesterification process. Therefore, the purpose of this work was to gather technical information about green diesel, compare it to biodiesel, and analyze the potential of introducing this biofuel to the energy production in Brazil as a substitute or a complementary alternative to conventional diesel. Green diesel stands out technically, mainly when produced from residual raw materials. Considering green diesel production only from fatty waste, it is estimated to serve approximately 55% of the biodiesel demand in Brazil, today produced mostly from crude soybean oil. In addition, the production of this biofuel may occur in existing plants of oil processing through minor adaptations, which ensures reduced installation costs, production, and logistics, especially when considering the current installed capacity in the country. The biggest deadlock related to large-scale production of green diesel in oil refineries in Brazil is the lack of specific legislation that regulates and defines parameters and conditions for the marketing of biofuel."
"AB Forced by competitive, legislative and customers' pressures, corporate executives are supposed to consider sustainability aspects of value creation which induces a new set of challenges within decision making. Unfortunately, guidelines supporting comprehensive analysis, especially concerning the evaluation of environmental and social performance of decision alternatives, are missing. This hinders the advancements in corporate sustainability. Questions arise on how to measure and balance respective indicators with traditional economic objectives. To fill this void, this research sets out to develop an intuitive and holistic planning framework for advancing sustainability along supply chains. In a first step, we identify sustainability issues and indicators as well as decision-support methods by scrutinizing literature on sustainable supply chain management. Based on this, we develop a planning framework that supports executives in evaluating and deciding upon corporate sustainability initiatives. The framework comprises three consecutive phases of planning: 'Problem definition', 'Assessment of alternatives', and 'Decision analysis'. For each phase we propose appropriate tools distinguishing concepts of sustainable supply chain management (e.g. Sustainable Logistics and Sustainable Manufacturing), methods for measuring the ecological and social efficiency of decision alternatives, and quantitative decision-support techniques able to balance trade-offs between the three dimensions of the triple bottom line. As a result, this article presents a framework for guiding corporate decision-processes. From the academic angle, the article contributes to the research field by providing a structured integration of concepts and methods utilizable in the pursuit of ecological and social improvements along the value chain. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Purposes Recently, artificial intelligence has been used to determine sex using fundus photographs alone. We had earlier reported that sex can be distinguished using known factors obtained from color fundus photography (CFP) in adult eyes. However, it is not clear when the sex difference in fundus parameters begins. Therefore, we conducted this study to investigate sex determination based on fundus parameters using binominal logistic regression in elementary school students. Methods This prospective observational cross-sectional study was conducted on 119 right eyes of elementary school students (aged 8 or 9 years, 59 boys and 60 girls). Through CFP, the tessellation fundus index was calculated as R/(R+G+B) using the mean value of red-green-blue intensity in the eight locations around the optic disc. Optic disc ovality ratio, papillomacular angle, retinal artery trajectory, and retinal vessel were quantified based on our earlier reports. Regularized binomial logistic regression was applied to these variables to select the decisive factors. Furthermore, its discriminative performance was evaluated using the leave-one-out cross-validation method. Sex difference in the parameters was assessed using the Mann-WhitneyUtest. Results The optimal model yielded by the Ridge binomial logistic regression suggested that the ovality ratio of girls was significantly smaller, whereas their nasal green and blue intensities were significantly higher, than those of boys. Using this approach, the area under the receiver-operating characteristic curve was 63.2%. Conclusions Although sex can be distinguished using CFP even in elementary school students, the discrimination accuracy was relatively low. Some sex difference in the ocular fundus may begin after the age of 10 years."
"AB Imposition of strict environmental protection acts and the imperative need of best possible allocation of resources have given birth to the concept of ""low carbon logistics."" Environmental laws force the manufacturers to extend their existing supply chains to form a closed loop supply chain (CLSC) through the setup of an efficient recovery system. In this paper, we attempt to deal with the environmental issues presented in the design of CLSC networks. The CLSC network proposed in the paper consists of four echelons in the forward chain and five echelons in the backward chain. To consider the environmental issues in the proposed CLSC network, we formulate a bi-objective integer nonlinear programming problem, and in order to solve it we propose an Interactive Multi- Objective Programming Approach Algorithm. This model determines the optimal flow of parts and products in the CLSC network and the optimum number of trucks hired by facilities in the forward chain of the network. A numerical experimentation of the proposed model to validate the applicability of the model is done with the help of data from a real life case study. The case presented in the paper is based on a geyser manufacturer, and its application on the model provides us with the underlying tradeoffs between the two objectives. The model also results in a very interesting fact that with the implication of the extended supply chain, a firm can create a green image of their product which eventually results in an increase in their demand while significantly reducing their usage of transportation in both directions. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
AB Purpose - The purpose of this paper is to give an up-to-date and structured insight into the literature published during the past decade on sustainable green supply chain management. It also suggests trends for future research based on the research issues identified through systematic and comprehensive analysis of previous studies in the area of green and sustainable supply chain management.
AB Purpose - The purpose of this research is to investigate the implementation of green supply chain management (GSCM) practices and its impact on corporate performance (CP). The research in particular examines the results of implementing a set of GSCM practices on different dimensions of the CP.
AB Purpose The purpose of this paper is to identify how organizations can evaluate the green product deletion decision within an environmentally sustainable consumption and production environment through a hybrid multistage multiple criteria evaluation approach.
"AB Reverse logistics (RL) is gradually becoming more important to manufacturing companies through environmental awareness, competitiveness, and environmental regulations. In the leather footwear industry of Bangladesh, it is possible to recycle and reuse waste, meaning a reverse logistics system could increase return-on-investment and give a competitive advantage. To date, studies on barriers to RL implementation have been conducted in other countries and in other domains, leaving a research gap in RL barrier analyses in the leather footwear industry. There are many obstacles to implementing RL in a developing country like Bangladesh; examining these barriers is a crucial research issue. This paper identifies RL barriers through (1) an extent literature review, (2) advice from Bangladeshi industry experts under the Delphi study, and (3) ranking RL barriers using the fuzzy analytical hierarchy process. The results indicate that, of the barriers investigated, the 'knowledge and support' category seems to be most critical. A lack of interest and support from top-level management-related to 'knowledge and support' issues-appears to be the major obstacle for RL implementation in the Bangladeshi leather footwear industry. These findings will help the Bangladeshi leather footwear industry, as well as other industries in Bangladesh, to understand the nature of each barrier and overcome the complexity of RL implementation in supply chains. This study will also assist decision-makers in making certain strategic policies. Future studies may contribute to the life cycle assessment and engineering of recycled and reused footwear."
"AB The issue of sustainability has gained increasing importance in the agenda of government leaders and business managers alike, all over the world. Companies have come to realise that on top of being beneficial for the planet, strategies for the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions and sustainability policies represent important opportunities for businesses growth. Many such strategies are related to the business supply chain, where most decisions that impact emissions and sustainability are made. Examples of such decisions can be found in supply chain logistic network design and management: facility location, definition of transportation modes, and distribution policies, including which facilities should serve what markets. In this work, a nonlinear mathematical model to support the planning of more sustainable logistic networks was developed using a plausible hypothetical logistic network located in Brazil as a case. One aspect of the developed model that sets it apart from others in the current literature is that in addition to traditional logistic costs, carbon emission costs resulting from transportation activities along the supply chain were also taken into account in the analysis. Sensitivity analyses were conducted by using a computer simulation aimed at evaluating road and rail transportation modes, in terms of the impact that each has on the cost optimisation of the network configuration, especially in regard to the total cost of emissions and stocks held in the chain to ensure a desired level of customer service."
"AB Recently, governmental legislations, limitation of natural resources and adverse effects of End-of-Life products on ecological system have spurred researchers to design closed-loop supply chains (CLSCs). Accordingly, designing green supply chains (SCs) that manage greenhouse gas emissions and prevent air pollution can be helpful for companies to heighten profitability and customer loyalty, besides, uncertainty of parameters and disruption strikes could adversely affect performance of SCs and lower quality of output decisions. Effective planning prevents great losses and increases reliability of manager's decisions against uncertainties. Therefore, this paper is proceeding to design a reliable bi-objective green CLSC that minimizes total costs of network aside with minimizing harmful gas emissions. The proposed model is capable of controlling adverse effects of disruptions via applying scenario-based stochastic programming approach. Also, an effective hybrid robust fuzzy stochastic programming method is extended to effectively control uncertainty of parameters and risk-aversion level of output decisions. Extended model analyzing is based on lead-acid battery SC case study that output results approve applicability and effectiveness of model."
"AB The Inventory Routing Problem has been mainly studied in recent decades under an economic performance perspective. In this paper, we develop a multi-objective mathematical framework for the IRP to link: (i) the economic performance, (ii) the achieved server level in terms of shortage and delivery delays and (iii) the environmental footprint. The framework developed addresses the uncertainty by considering fuzzy distributions for certain problem inputs, such as the demand and the transportation costs. We show the negative impact on the economic performance when service level targets are exogenously chosen without coordination with the logistics components (inventory and distribution). (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Combining efficiency, effectiveness and sustainability is crucial for companies to succeed in today's context of fierce competition. This paper investigates how intermodal transport can be adopted for managing supply chains according to a Lean and Green approach. A scenario-based estimation tool was developed to quantify the potential demand for intermodal transport. The tool was applied to the Italian Fast Moving Consumer Goods (FMCG) supply chain. Following, a single longitudinal case study on an FMCG company (Procter & Gamble) was carried out to investigate the enabling factors for the adoption of intermodal transport. Our results show that it is possible to shift demand from road to rail: a number of pathways for action were identified that related to planning and management, assets, train services, collaboration, legal issues and incentive schemes. Also, a collaborative business model for making the modal shift possible was presented. This paper is original because it offers an investigation of Lean and Green Supply Chain Management through intermodal transport by adopting a supply chain perspective and providing a bridging link between academic studies and field evidence."
"AB In the green manufacturing system that pursues the reuse of used products, the residual value of collected used products (CUP) hugely affects a variety of managerial decisions to construct profitable and environmental remanufacturing plans. This paper deals with a closed-loop green manufacturing system for companies which perform both manufacturing with raw materials and remanufacturing with collected used products (CUP). The amount of CUP is assumed as a function of buy-back cost while the quality level of CUP, which means the residual value, follows a known distribution. In addition, the remanufacturing cost can differ according to the quality of the CUP. Moreover, nowadays companies are subject to existing environment-related laws such as Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR). Therefore, a company should collect more used products than its obligatory take-back quota or face fines from the government for not meeting its quota. Through the development of mathematical models, two kinds of inspection policies are examined to validate the efficiency of two different operation processes. To find a managerial solution, a genetic algorithm is proposed and tested with numerical examples."
"AB The present paper is dedicated to analyze non-hazardous kinetic behaviour and modelling of green synthesized cobalt nanocatalyst (CoNCs), using an Artificial Neural Network (ANN). In order to supplement the trace metal in other applications, CoNCs were rapidly synthesized with a Cobalt sulphate solution at room temperature between 30 and 35 oC at pH 7.2 under less reaction time. The Levenberg - Marquardt algorithm (LM) is used to investigate the experimental values by applying ANN. The results of variance using logistic ANN model depicts that the maximum nanoparticles were synthesized at its optimized stipulation of 0.5 h stirring time, 25 mL volume of extract and 20 mL volume of cobalt sulphate. The developed ANN model proved to be an efficient size determining tool in the biosynthesis of cobalt nanocatalyst. Experimental behavior using potentiometric analysis confirms that the linearity in CoNCs formation and size coincides (5-38 nm)with the predicted values of the ANN model. Techno economic analysis proved that, green synthesis reduced 30-40% in raw material cost and 60% in energy consumption."
"AB Previous studies have recognized the importance of environmentalism with a focus on green practices, and their associated impact on firm performance. Petite focus has been devoted to the usage of learning dimensions towards creating a strong urge in people for long-lasting eco-benefits. This study aims to establish the relationship of the dimensions of learning organization with green supply chain practices and corporate performance, towards bridging the research gap. Structured questionnaires were administered on 220 experts from 21 departments of 10 organizations in the manufacturing sector to measure the constructs of the study. The study deployed Interpretive Structural Model (ISM) approach to comprehend the structural influences amongst the constructs. Associated variables were clustered using MICMAC analysis to gain insight on the organizational impacts of the constructs. Research findings showed a higher driving power of green supply chain practices and environmental and economic performance on the dimensions of learning organization, thus revealing an indispensable link amongst the constructs of environmentalism and learning. Finally, this study emphasizes pertinent links between the learning capability and reflective responsiveness of an organization's environmental practices and sustainable performance. (c) 2020 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Background: Experiments and large-scale epidemiological studies indicate the importance of green space for mental health. However, little research has been conducted to elucidate whether these mental health benefits are more dependent upon the quantity or quality of the green space."
"AB Mitigating climate change and improving urban livability is prompting cities to improve sustainability of urban transportation and logistics. Cargo bikes, in combination with urban transshipment points, are gaining momentum as a green last mile alternative. Although a wide body of research proves their viability in dense urban areas, knowledge about planning urban transshipment points is very limited. This also entails the siting of such facilities and the assessment of effects on emissions. This study therefore presents a first quantitative scenario-based model that assesses the impacts on a district. It examines different strategies for siting urban transshipment points in a single district and its effect on traffic, the carbon footprint, and air quality to give strategic insights where to create candidate locations for such facilities. Our result contributes to knowledge of planning urban transshipment facilities and assessing the impact of different configurations. The findings demonstrated that the use of cargo bikes to make courier, express, and parcel (CEP) deliveries in urban districts could reduce greenhouse gas (GHG), particulate matter (PM10), and nitrogen oxides (NOx) emissions significantly. However, the choice of vehicles completing inbound and outbound processes and the strategies for siting urban transshipment points display widely differing and even conflicting potential to reduce emissions."
"AB Background: In the last years, the concept of sustainability has been receiving global attention from academics, the public sector and practitioners. The high level of industrialization has contributed to the increase of environmental impacts on the environment and the society. To give a sustainable answer to the industrial sector, more strategies aimed at reducing the environmental and social impacts should be considered. Objectives: This research aims to evaluate the level of environmental practices in a set of companies from the northern region of Portugal. Methods/Approach: In order to achieve the objective of this research, several steps were taken, and approach is mainly based on an online questionnaire administered in a set of companies. Results: The initial results show that companies are progressing when it comes to the implementation of measures and practices related to sustainability. Conclusions: The study resulted in suggestions for consulted companies, namely the need for effective mechanics to ensure compulsory but expedite environmental procedures along with procedures control, which is a key factor in ensuring sustainable and green practices."
"AB This study examines critical success factors (CSFs) for the implementation of green supply chain management (GSCM) for the electronics industry of an emerging economy. Based on a literature review, a total of 22 CSFs for GSCM implementation were selected. Sixteen of the 22 CSFs were finalised using Pareto analysis, based on the feedback of 30 experts from three renowned consumer electronics manufacturing firms in Bangladesh. The Decision-Making Trial and Evaluation Laboratory (DEMATEL) method was then utilised to capture the interactive relationships among the CSFs. Findings reveal that the CSFs for GSCM implementation are top management commitment, government regulations and standards, pollution prevention and hazardous waste management, and environment management certification (ISO 14000). Findings also show that top management commitment is paramount to GSCM implementation, followed by pollution prevention and hazardous waste management. This study helps industrial managers make strategic and tactical decisions to implement GSCM practices in the electronics industry."
AB This paper investigates the capacitated green vehicle routing problem (GVRP) with time-varying vehicle speed and soft time windows. The GVRP is developed as a multi-objective mixed integer nonlinear programming (MINLP) model that incorporates a fuel consumption calculation algorithm. The proposed model considers the vehicle load and capacity as well as time-varying speed in order to account for traffic congestion. An improved non-dominated sorting genetic algorithm (NSGA-II) with adaptive strategies and greedy strategies is developed to solve the GVRP. The results of numerical experiments show that the consumption of fuel in a supply chain can be decreased sharply without any significant loss in customer satisfaction. The proposed NSGA-II has a better capability and efficiency than the original NSGA-II. Our experiments also indicate that the proposed model outperforms most of the best-known solutions obtained from the traditional modeling approaches.
"AB Many recent green vehicle routing papers have presented mathematical models designed to minimize fuel consumption and the environmentally damaging carbon emissions in the routing decisions related to route choice, the load on the vehicle, and the speed. A popular model for computing such impact is the Comprehensive Modal Emissions Model (CMEM) that can compute fuel consumption and carbon emissions for a vehicle with a given speed and load. However, the CMEM requires that input parameters are specified for every second of a haul. To avoid this, computations are used in which the vehicle is assumed to travel at a fixed speed. This paper investigates the extent to which such fixed speed computations in the CMEM are suitable for actual driving conditions with fluctuating speeds. In our numerical experiments, we find that the CMEM results under fixed speeds are sometimes less than half of those computed under realistic driving conditions, depending on the type of conditions. This indicates that we cannot take for granted that fixed speed computations are sufficiently accurate to be used in green routing and validation of these computations is necessary. (C) 2017 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB This study optimized a novel pretreatment of corn cob wastes (CCW) using green liquor dregs (GLD), a waste product from the chemical kraft pulping industry. Subsequently, the microbial growth and ethanol production kinetics of different bioprocess types were comparatively evaluated using the logistic and modified Gompertz models respectively. The optimized GLD pretreatment conditions released a maximum glucose yield of 0.42 g/g. Separate hydrolysis and fermentation (SHF), simultaneous saccharification and fermentation (SSF) and SSF with pre hydrolysis (PSSF) processes were assessed and gave comparable kinetic data. The SHF and PSSF processes displayed slightly higher microbial and bioethanol kinetic coefficients compared to the SSF system. Implications from this study provide major insights for reducing energy, time and costs incurred with lignocellulosic substrate pretreatment, bioethanol process design and scale up. Additionally, the study demonstrates a possible route for beneficiation of waste material such as GLD."
"AB The paper highlights the problem of assessing the level of environmentally acceptable green transport in modem supply chains. Cargo owners put the elements of time and price of service into the forefront, where the degree of pollution (CO2, NOx, SO2, PMs) and the need for energy efficiency is too often ignored. Various studies highlight the lack of methodological approaches to the standardized evaluation of the environmental impacts of intermodal transport, thus the aim is to formulate a modular approach to the analysis of three parameters (time, price and pollution) of sustainable intermodal transport chains. The research hypothesis assumes that there are differences in complex intermodal transport chains and that the elements of price and time of transport do not directly reflect the degree of produced pollution. The study elaborates a four-step approach, with the main focus on evaluation processes, where input data must be unified to provide comparable decision-based parameters of various transport solutions. The modular approach proposes transparent data presentation that could be used by intermodal operators or logistics companies when presenting their offer to cargo owners. The modular approach is used on the ocean transport route from Asia to the northern Adriatic, with final inland transport to central European markets that is promoted under the Belt and Road Initiative. The study determines that along the entire intermodal transport chain the pollution level is not directly reflected by the elements of time and price. Thus, there is a strong need for a unified approach in the evaluation and presentation of structured data to cargo owners. Consequently, the study provides a new contribution to the transport industry, with customer's becoming aware sooner of pollution from transport and greener transport decisions."
"AB In recent years the urbanization to affect many countries of the world has made the significant changes to the material flow at all levels of the supply chain. The last mile logistics operating in the urban area has also changed notably. An increase in the volume of material flow within cities has led to a growth in the number of deliveries and the freight turnover, accordingly. The above-stated processes greatly reduce the sustainability of cities, which while keeping the urbanization trend, can lead to the serious negative results of the social and environmental nature not only for the cities, but also for the countries. One way to solve this problem is to create the green supply chains from the multi-echeloning principles. In the paper, the authors have presented a two-echelon green supply chain using the zero transport emissions within the second echelon. A multi-criteria function has been developed to assess the rational location of a transfer point in order to reduce the negative environmental impact from the transportation system. With the PTV Visum software product, a simulation has been conducted to evaluate the alternative scenarios for generating a green supply chain."
"AB With the increasing importance of the efficient purchasing function, supplier selection decisions have become more strategic in supply chain management. In the past few years, the closed-loop green supply chain network has faced increasing attention with regard to the environmental regulations, social awareness and customer pressure. In order to cope with these two issues, this paper proposes an integrated mathematical programming model for multi-period, multi-product and capacitated closed loop green supply chain in which suppliers offer quantity discounts in order to motivate buyers to purchase more. The model objective functions are the minimization of economic cost and environmental emissions and maximization of customer satisfaction with determining best suppliers, purchasing amount, location-allocation facilities, transportation mode, technology type, carbon dioxide emissions, inventory levels and flows between facilities. Sensitivity analysis is conducted to validate the model for some test problems. Computational results show the effectiveness and applicability of the proposed model. Also, results have revealed that supply chain total costs are significantly reduced by considering quantity discount. (C) 2018 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB This paper demonstrates that chromaticity shifts in light-emitting diode (LED) devices arise from multiple mechanisms that produce chemical changes in the materials used to construct the LED devices. Each chromaticity change is shown to proceed over a finite period of time, and there is a limit on the impact of each shift. For example, chromaticity shifts in LED devices usually start with a fast-acting component that quickly reaches a maximum value, followed by one or more slower acting component(s). This behavior can be modeled analytically with a bounded exponential component to describe the fast-acting component, followed by one or more generalized logistic models. These analytical models contain several key parameters, including the limiting value of each chromaticity shift (A for the upper asymptote and L for the lower asymptote) and the rate of the change k."
AB Purpose - The purpose of this paper is to clarify how activities may be coordinated within shippers' organisations to enable high load factor (a key aspect of transport efficiency).
"AB Purpose The purpose of this paper is to examine (1) how the recovery speed using promotional investment and (2) distributed production using additive manufacturing (AM) improve the resilience of the supply chain to manage any disruptions in the diffusion of green products. Design/methodology/approach The environmental performance, service level performance and economic performance are the measures of interest. These measures are studied through the integration of inventory and production planning (I&PP) of the reverse logistics system and consumer behavior using Bass (1969) model of diffusion of innovation under the paradigm of Industry 4.0 architecture. The Taguchi experimental design framework was used for the simulation analysis. Findings The adoption patterns based on the Bass model in conjunction with recovery speed and production on AM during the disruption period suggest that there exist tradeoff decisions between various combinations of information-sharing and I&PP policies. Practical implications The extensive sensitivity analyses provide real-time support for managerial decisions. Besides the potentials of Industry 4.0 capabilities, the present research suggests paying close attention to the recovery speed in conjunction with the inventory management system. Social implications The integration of consumers' behavior (Bass model) to digital technologies is an additional contribution of the present research toward sustainability issues from the social perspective. Originality/value Previous research studies have discussed resilience to manage the ripple effect. However, none of them have addressed the changing scope of resilience to manage the ripple effect caused by the disruption in the diffusion of green products in a reverse logistics setup."
"AB Several studies report that wearing red clothing enhances women's attractiveness and signals sexual proceptivity to men. The associated hypothesis that women will choose to wear red clothing when fertility is highest, however, has received mixed support from empirical studies. One possible cause of these mixed findings may be methodological. The current study aimed to replicate recent findings suggesting a positive association between hormonal profiles associated with high fertility (high estradiol to progesterone ratios) and the likelihood of wearing red. We compared the effect of the estradiol to progesterone ratio on the probability of wearing: red versus non-red (binary logistic regression); red versus neutral, black, blue, green, orange, multi-color, and gray (multinomial logistic regression); and each of these same colors in separate binary models (e.g., green versus non green). Red versus non-red analyses showed a positive trend between a high estradiol to progesterone ratio and wearing red, but the effect only arose for younger women and was not robust across samples. We found no compelling evidence for ovarian hormones increasing the probability of wearing red in the other analyses. However, we did find that the probability of wearing neutral was positively associated with the estradiol to progesterone ratio, though the effect did not reach conventional levels of statistical significance. Findings suggest that although ovarian hormones may affect younger women's preference for red clothing under some conditions, the effect is not robust when differentiating amongst other colors of clothing. In addition, the effect of ovarian hormones on clothing color preference may not be specific to the color red. (C) 2017 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved."
"AB Data envelopment analysis (DEA) is a useful method for determining relative efficiency in many types of businesses, including the transport sector. In line with the European Union's (EU) policy of sustainable development of transport, external costs become the competitiveness factor of the transport route valorization. Presenting specific DEA settings, the paper aims to show and test a developed model for determining the optimal transport route among alternatives towards the same destination where external cost as a socio-ecological factor is included in DEA, along with transport cost (quantitative factor) and transport time (qualitative factor). In order to adhere to the principles of the least possible energy consumption, the given distance that also included in DEA settings represents the shortest route between the starting point and destination, as a unique and constant output variable. Therefore, the optimal direction selected by the DEA stands for the green route. The capabilities of the DEA, set up in this way within the broader model, are demonstrated in the practical case."
"AB Purpose Whether indocyanine green fluorescence angiography (ICG-FA) during rectal surgery is effective in reducing anastomotic leakage remains unclear. This study aimed to investigate the effect of intraoperative ICG-FA on anastomotic leakage after sphincter-sparing surgery for malignant rectal tumors. Methods This was a retrospective, single-center cohort study conducted on 852 consecutive patients who underwent laparoscopic sphincter-sparing surgery from January 2007 to June 2017 at our institution. The incidence of anastomotic leakage was compared between patients who underwent ICG-FA to determine the proximal resection margin and those in whom this technique was not performed, using logistic regression analysis, including propensity score. Results A total of eight patients were excluded (one patient with previous low anterior resection and seven patients who underwent simultaneous resection for other primary cancers), resulting in 844 patients being analyzed. Before propensity score matching, 141 patients (16.7%) who underwent ICG-FA were compared with 703 patients (83.3%) in whom ICG-FA was not performed. The incidence of anastomotic leakage was 2.8% (4/141) in the ICG-FA group and 12.4% (87/703) in the control group (p = 0.001). After propensity score matching (n = 420), the patient characteristics between the two groups were well balanced, and the incidence of anastomotic leakage was 2.8% (4/141) in the ICG-FA group and 13.6% (38/279) in the control group (p = 0.001). Logistic regression analyses using propensity score showed that patients who underwent ICG-FA had significantly lower odds of anastomotic leakage. Conclusion Intraoperative ICG-FA is a promising method to reduce anastomotic leakage after laparoscopic rectal surgery."
"AB The aim of this work was to integrate decentralized torrefaction with centralized catalytic pyrolysis to convert coffee grounds into the green aromatic precursors of terephthalic acid, namely benzene, toluene, ethylbenzene, and xylenes (BTEX). An economic analysis of this bioproduct system was conducted to examine BTEX yields, biomass costs and their sensitivities. Model predictions were verified experimentally using pyrolysis GC/MS to quantify BTEX yields for raw and torrefied biomass. The production cost was minimized when the torrefier temperature and residence time were 239 degrees C and 34 min, respectively. This optimization study found conditions that justify torrefaction as a pretreatment for making BTEX, provided that starting feedstock costs are below $58 per tonne. (C) 2015 Published by Elsevier Ltd."
"AB Environmental issues have become increasingly important to industry and business in recent days. This trend forces the companies to take responsibility for product recovery, and proper recycling and disposal, moving towards the design of sustainable green supply chains. This paper addresses the backward stream in transportation of products, by means of reverse logistics applied to vehicle routing. This problem, called single vehicle routing problem with deliveries and selective pickups, consists in finding a route that starts from the depot and visits all delivery customers. Some pickup customers may also be visited, since the capacity of the truck is not exceeded, and there is also a revenue associated with each pickup. We develop an algorithm inspired on the variable neighbourhood search metaheuristic that explores the power of modern graphics processing unit (GPU) to provide routes in reasonable computational time. The proposed algorithm called four-neighbourhood variable neighbourhood search (FN-VNS) includes a novel high-quality initial solution generator, a CPU-GPU integrated perturbation strategy and four different neighbourhood searches implemented purely in GPU for the local search phase. Our experimental results show that FN-VNS is able to improve the quality of the solution for 51 instances out of 68 instances taken from the literature. Finally, we obtained speedups up to 14.49 times, varying from 17.42 up to 76.84 for each local search, measured over a set of new large-size instances."
"AB This study aimed to identify the barriers to the implementation of the Green Supply Chain Management from comparing the perception of managers of Brazilian, Argentine and Colombian. The companies surveyed, four in each country, occupy different positions in the automotive supply chain, from the supply of the first layer to the auto parts retail. The research methodology included qualitative procedures in the data collection phase through questionnaires and interviews, and quantitative data analysis phase, with the use of content validation and analysis of social networks. From a collection of 43 barriers, twenty-five were validated in all three countries. The points of convergence between the companies of the three countries ware the lack of commitment of the top management and the lack of commitment of the client, only barriers validated by unanimity. Eighteen barriers were identified by Argentine companies, twelve by Brazilians and ten by Colombians. Within the results displayed and saved the limitations of the research, this work aims to contribute to the theme Green Supply Chain Management with the recognition of impediments and the mapping of barriers to implementation."
"AB In the transportation planning, one way to combat with greenhouse gases and air pollutants associated with oil consumption is to use alternative energy sources. However, the lack of infrastructures such as refueling stations is one of the major barriers to the general acceptance of alternative-fuel vehicles (AFVs). In this study, we address the green vehicle routing problem with AFV fleet where refueling decisions are also taken into account during the route planning. First, a modified version of two existing mathematical models are reviewed and valid inequalities are derived to improve the linear programming (LP) relaxation bounds. Then, a novel path-based model is presented. Computational results compare the three models in terms of the LP-relaxation bound and solution time and justify that compared with previous models, the path-based model not only has better LP-relaxation bound, but also if the number of potential paths is not too large, its solution time is greatly less than that of previous models."
"AB The present study aims at quantifying prospective reductions of ships' emission of GHG in addition to the expected economic impact in case of applying various renewable energy technologies for seaports. As a case study, this paper investigates the prospect of converting Damietta Port, Egypt, to be an eco-friendly port with the focus on technical, logistic and financial requirements. The results prove the techno-economic feasibility of both offshore wind and fuel cell energy resources for the selected port. The paper's outcomes prove that the fuel cell, followed by a combined system of wind turbines and fuel cells appear to be the optimum selection with reference to green port technologies with an electricity unit cost of 0.10 and 0.11$/kWh, respectively. Furthermore, using of fuel cells and offshore wind turbines as green power strategies would achieve a reduction of CO2, NOx and CO emissions by 32,176, 8.32 and 53.2 ton per year, respectively."
"AB Electric commercial vehicles are expected to contribute significantly to the mobility of the future. Furthermore, there are first pilot projects of logistics companies operating electric commercial vehicles. So far, planning approaches for electric fleets either address routing decisions with emphasis on the limited driving range and long charging times of the vehicles, or focus on the siting of charging stations in order to implement the necessary charging infrastructure. In this paper, we present a location routing approach to consider routing of electric vehicles and siting decisions for charging stations simultaneously in order to support strategic decisions of logistics fleet operators. Thereby, we regard different recharging options due to real world constraints. Furthermore, we also take alternative objective functions into account minimizing not only the traveled distance, but also the number of vehicles needed and the number of charging stations sited as well as total costs. Results are presented for the total traveled distance of the location routing model, and potential improvements compared to a vehicle routing model are shown. Shorter overall distances can be achieved if simultaneous siting as well as extended recharging options are allowed. Besides, results for the other objective functions are shown with respect to the impact of the objectives and conflicting targets. (C) 2017 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB The importance of reverse logistics has increased owing to environmental factors and recent legislations. In this context, the market for remanufactured goods has become attractive. Manufacturers, retailers, and third-party companies have improved return programs and operations that add value to the return chain for electronic appliances, rather than treating it as a secondary process. The objective of this study is to identify the variables related to value generation in the reverse logistics of electronic products from the perspective of third-party companies. Reverse logistics of electronic products depends much on the context and local regulations; in addition, the fact that there are few studies on developing countries points to an important gap in extant research. This study presents the influence of quality and warranties, processing time, and partnerships between third-party companies, manufacturers, and retailers on the value generation from remanufactured products. These variables are related to optimal results and optimistic expectations for growth among third-party companies. These internal factors, together with an analysis of external factors and product portfolios, complement the scenario description for the cases studied. The main contribution of this study is to highlight the major factors, which are presented in the framework. The lessons learned can be used in other contexts involving third-party companies."
"AB Green Supply Chain Management (GSCM) has been receiving increased attention because of the urgent need of organizations to address sustainability issues as a condition for their competitiveness, and the issue of how performance should be measured becomes crucial. This paperperforms a literature review on an academic basis in order to identify the main subjects and sustainable dimensions of research studies involving the performance measurement of GSCM and the gaps for further research. Sixty three percent of the analyzed papers are associated with framework, mathematical modelling, empirical research and application, and the principal gaps to be exploredare the metrics, measures and integration of the GSCM with existing quality methods. Almost all of these subjects are discussed in an economic and environmental dimension, remaining the social dimension a relevant gap to be explored. Based on this scenario, this paper intends to make a contribution to the academia and professionals of the area."
"AB Traditional logistics management has not focused on environmental concerns when designing and optimizing food supply chain networks. However, the protection of the environment is one of the main factors that should be considered based on environmental protection regulations of countries. In this paper, environmental concerns are considered in formulating a mathematical model to design and configure a multi-period, multi-product, multi-echelon green meat supply chain network. We develop a multi-objective mixed-integer linear programming formulation to optimize three objectives simultaneously: minimization of the total cost, minimization of the total CO2 emissions released from transportation, and maximization of the total capacity utilization of facilities. To demonstrate the efficiency of the proposed optimization model, we design a green meat supply chain network for Southern Ontario, Canada. A solution approach based on augmented epsilon-constraint method is employed to solve the proposed model. As a result, a set of Pareto-optimal solutions is obtained. The set of Pareto-optimal solutions gives decision-makers the opportunity to make a trade-off between economic, environmental, and capacity utilization objectives. Our example shows that it is possible to keep emissions reasonably low without incurring high total costs. Finally, the impacts of uncertainty on the proposed model are investigated using several decision trees. Optimization of a food supply chain, particularly a meat supply chain, based on multiple objectives under uncertainty using decision trees is a new approach in the literature."
"AB This study aims to make a comparative efficiency analysis of G-20 countries in terms of logistics performance. For this purpose, evaluation criteria have been determined with the help of industry and academic expert opinion and data set of evaluation criteria were obtained from the World Bank database. In this study, the analysis was made according to the CCR and the BCC input-based models by the Data Envelopment Analysis method. First, the efficiency scores of the countries were determined. After, reference groups were determined for the countries under the efficient frontier. Then, analyzes were made to find potential improvement values for the countries under the efficient frontier. Besides, Malmquist Total Factor Productivity Analysis was made in order to determine the efficiency change of countries in the 2007-2016 period. According to the results of the study, it has been determined that the country efficiency values and reference groups differed years. Moreover, it was determined that the most productive period is 2007-2010 and the most inefficient period is 2010-2012. Also, it has been observed that China and India have continuously improved in terms of efficiency types."
"AB To attain competitive advantages and promote environmental performance, a proactive approach called green supply chain management (GSCM), has been extensively employed. In this paper, we use the robust ranking technique with neutrosophic set to handle practices and performances in GSCM. We evaluate GSCM practices using the robust ranking technique in order to detect practices leading to better economic and environmental performances. We employ the neutrosophic set theory to handle vague data, imprecise knowledge, incomplete information and linguistic imprecision. The efficiency of the proposed method is evaluated by using the first case study from petroleum industry in Egypt and the second case study from manufacturing firm in China. The results display that ""reverse logistics"", ""supplier environmental collaboration"", ""carbon management"" are the significant in GSCM practices. Both case studies verified that our proposal could be adopted for effectiveness and improvement. Our work could help managers and decision makers to become more environmentally responsible. (C) 2019 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB This paper addresses a Green Time Dependent Capacitated Vehicle Routing Problem that accounts for transportation emissions. The problem has been formulated and solved using Dynamic Programming approach. The applicability of Dynamic Programming in large sized problems is, however, limited due to exponential memory and computation time requirements. Therefore, we propose a generic heuristic approach, Simulation Based Restricted Dynamic Programming, based on weighted random sampling, the classical Restricted Dynamic Programming heuristic and simulation for the model to solve large sized instances. These decision support tools can be used to aid logistics decision-making processes in urban distribution planning. The added values of the proposed model and the heuristic have been shown based on a real life urban distribution planning problem between a pharmaceutical warehouse and a set of pharmacies, and ten relatively larger instances. The results of the numerical experiments show that the Simulation Based Restricted Dynamic Programming heuristic can provide promising results within relatively short computation times compared to the classical Restricted Dynamic Programming for the Green Time Dependent Capacitated Vehicle Routing Problem. The Simulation Based Restricted Dynamic Programming algorithm yields 2.3% lower costs within 93.1% shorter computation times on average, compared to the classical Restricted Dynamic Programming. Moreover, the analyses on the effect of traffic congestion in our base case reveal that 2.3% benefit on total emissions and 0.9% benefit on total routing cost could be obtained if vehicles start delivery after heavy congested period is passed. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB This paper presents a set covering model based on route representation to solve the green ship routing and scheduling problem (GSRSP) with berth time-window constraints for multiple bulk ports. A bi-objective set covering model is constructed with features based on the minimization of the total CO2 equivalent emissions and the total travel time subject to a limited number of berths in each port, berthing time windows, and the time window for each job. The solutions are obtained using the epsilon-constraint method, after which a Pareto frontier is plotted. This problem is motivated by the operations of feeder barges and terminals, where the logistics control tower is used to coordinate the routing and berthing time of its barges. We show that the proposed method outperforms the weighted sum method in terms of the number of Pareto solutions and the value of the hypervolume indicator."
"AB A well-designed supply chain network should not only meet the efficient cost but also realize the sustainable effect on environment. The purpose of this article is to develop a multi-objective model to capture the trade-off between total cost and environmental performance in the green dual-channel supply chain network. Moreover, the transportation mode has been considered as a decision variable. With regard to the complexity of such network, a new swarm intelligence algorithm known as a multi-objective particle swarm optimization (MOPSO) algorithm has been employed to tackle this problem. The effectiveness of the present model and approach is evaluated by a numerical experiment, and the results show that the added environmental performance is actually proportional with the increased cost. Additionally, the comparison between different mode decisions shows that a better trade-off between two objectives will be obtained when considering the transportation mode selection."
"AB Proximity to green spaces has been shown to be beneficial to several cardiovascular outcomes in urban spaces. Few studies, however, have analyzed the relationship between these outcomes and green space or land cover uses in low-medium income megacities, where the consequences of rapid and inordinate urbanization impose several health hazards. This study used a subgroup of the dataset from The Brazilian Longitudinal Study of Adult Health ELSA-BRASIL (n = 3418) to identify the correlation between the medical diagnosis of hypertension and green spaces in the megacity of Sao Paulo. Land cover classification was performed based on the random forest algorithm using geometrically corrected aerial photography (orthophoto). Three different indicators of exposure to green spaces were used: number of street trees, land cover and number of parks within 1 km. We used logistic regression models to obtain the association of the metrics exposure and health outcomes. The number of street trees in the regional governments (OR = 0.937 and number of parks within 1 km (OR = 0.876) were inversely associated with a diagnosis of hypertension. Sixty-three percent of the population had no parks within 1 km of their residence. Our data indicate the need to encourage large-scale street tree planting and increase the number of qualified parks in megacities."
"AB Currently, reduction of carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions and fuel consumption has become a critical environmental problem and has attracted the attention of both academia and the industrial sector. Government regulations and customer demands are making environmental responsibility an increasingly important factor in overall supply chain operations. Within these operations, transportation has the most hazardous effects on the environment, i.e., CO2 emissions, fuel consumption, noise and toxic effects on the ecosystem. This study aims to construct vehicle routes with time windows that minimize the total fuel consumption and CO2 emissions. The green vehicle routing problem with time windows (G-VRPTW) is formulated using a mixed integer linear programming model. A memory structure adapted simulated annealing (MSA-SA) meta-heuristic algorithm is constructed due to the high complexity of the proposed problem and long solution times for practical applications. The proposed models are integrated with a fuel consumption and CO2 emissions calculation algorithm that considers the vehicle technical specifications, vehicle load, and transportation distance in a green supply chain environment. The proposed models are validated using well-known instances with different numbers of customers. The computational results indicate that the MSA-SA heuristic is capable of obtaining good G-VRPTW solutions within a reasonable amount of time by providing reductions in fuel consumption and CO2 emissions."
"AB In recent years, a series of studies have highlighted the positive effects of urban green on individual activity behaviour and health. In this paper, we examine salutogenic environment effects of urban green upon walking behaviour and how such effects are mediated by built environment configuration and street-level physical accessibility. The dwelling locations of N = 15,354 respondents of the London Travel Demand Survey were geocoded and individual walking behaviour was extracted from the travel diary. A 0.5-m resolution normalized difference vegetation (NDVI) index derived from spectral reflectance measurements in remotely sensed colour infrared data was employed as an objective measure of greenness, while density of street trees acted as proxy of perceived environmental quality in street corridors. A network model of street-level physical accessibility was developed using spatial Design Network Analysis (sDNA). Logistic regression models reported a significant association of odds of walking with density of street trees and street-level betweenness (a measure of street network connectivity), while sensitivity analyses with continuous regression models for participants doing some walking indicated beneficial associations of distance walked with NDVI greenness and street trees. The results illustrate the necessity for targeted intervention strategies in activity-friendly planning via greening and optimized physical design of urban built environments. (C) 2015 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB Gonads of the green sea urchin (Strongylocentrotus droebachiensis) containing valuable carotenoids, polyunsaturated fatty acids, phospholipids and sulphated fucans are in great demand from the expanding market. In Russian waters of the Barents Sea, only a few sites are suitable for commercial harvesting and thus the development of green sea urchin farming in this region. Our review presents a short survey of Russian literature on biological aspects and rearing methods of green sea urchins in the Barents Sea. In the 1980s, spawning induction and larval culture experiments were undertaken to obtain larvae ofS. droebachiensis. Later studies were undertaken to test optimal rations and conditions for gonad enhancement of adult sea urchins in sea cages and closed systems. Gonadal growth was higher and faster in sea urchins reared under controlled conditions in closed water circulation tanks compared with sea cages. Regular feeding of cultured animals provided them better gonadal growth than in wild sea urchins irrespective of food items. Algal diets showed a lower level of gonad yield compared with mixed diets (algae + squid, algae + fish), fish diets and prepared diets (artificial feed based on fish skin). The coast of the Kola Peninsula has a good potential for the development of the green sea urchin farming but several financial, socio-economic, logistic and management problems must be solved before this process starts."
"AB There is a growing interest on developing efficient ways of incorporating environmental considerations into business practices in order to meet both consumers' demand for green products/services, and the firms' sustainable profitability. The main contribution of this article is in developing an integrated revenue management framework to address a firm's greening (investment) effort, pricing and inventory decisions. It is assumed that the firm inaugurates a green product along with its existing product. Even though the firm offers both the green and regular product at differentiated prices, the market segmentation as a result of this price differentiation is regarded as imperfect. This imperfect market segmentation causes a demand leakage mainly due to the heterogeneity among the customers' willingness-to-pay. These effects are included in our proposed model and simplified analytical solutions are developed to solve the same. Additional scenarios where a firm experiences a price dependent stochastic demand with an unknown distribution is also modeled. This scenario is addressed using a distribution-free approach based on Scarf' s rule. The performance of the proposed methods and the significance of the modeling framework are finally corroborated through several simulations. This analysis provides a sustainable environment, production and retailing framework while still augmenting profitability using fundamental tools from revenue management."
"AB Corporate social responsibility (CSR) in the supply chain has become an increasingly popular research topic, but there are little researches on developing countries or emerging market economies as the research object, let alone providing a framework for assessing CSR in sustainable supply chains in the context of these countries. This paper will make up for these literature gaps. From the perspective of the green supply chain management, this paper integrates various authoritative standards and adopts two methods, ""R clustering"" and ""variation coefficient analysis"", to establish a CSR performance evaluation system of China's transportation industry. Applying the mean square error index weighting method analyzes the performance of 74 companies in China's transportation industry in 2018 to verify the rationality of the evaluation system. The results find that this industry generally scores low and the performance of responsibilities of different sub-sectors in this industry is different, but the overall performance trend is improving. This research has implications for China's transportation industry to improve CSR levels from the perspective of green supply chain management, for managers and stakeholders who are committed to improving China's CSR green and sustainable development, and for the development of CSR in developing countries and emerging markets."
"AB Background: Although exposure to natural outdoor environments has been consistently associated with improved perceived general health, available evidence on a protective association between this exposure and specific mental health disorders such as depression and anxiety is still limited."
"AB Air pollution, noise, and green space are important environmental exposures, having been linked to a variety of specific health outcomes. However, there are few studies addressing overall early life development. To assess their effects, associations between developmental milestones for a large population of 0-4-year old children in The Netherlands and environmental exposures were explored. Developmental milestones and background characteristics were provided by Preventive Child Health Care (PCHC) and supplemented with data from Statistics Netherlands. Milestones were summarized and standardized into an aggregate score measuring global development. Four age groups were selected. Environmental exposures were assigned to geocoded addresses using publicly available maps for PM2.5, PM10, PMcoarse, NO2, EC, road traffic noise, and green space. Associations were investigated using single and multiple-exposure logistic regression models. 43,916 PCHC visits by 29,524 children were available. No consistent associations were found for air pollution and road traffic noise. Green space was positively associated in single and multiple-exposure models although it was not significant in all age groups (OR 1.01 (0.95; 1.08) (1 year) to 1.07 (1.01; 1.14) (2 years)). No consistent associations were found between air pollution, road traffic noise, and global child development. A positive association of green space was indicated."
"AB In this paper, a generic multi-tiered reverse logistic model for waste management is proposed in the presence of stochastic waste generation ratio. Various aspects of a comprehensive waste management network such as recycling and remanufacturing are considered. The carbon footprint's social cost and Green House Gas (GHG) emission are also incorporated in the model. In addition, several separation ratios for each facility are taken into account and unnecessary decision variables are avoided accordingly. The proposed model is applied in a real case study, and several sensitivity analyses are performed which allow the extraction of the managerial insights for optimizing the operational and tactical performance of waste management."
AB Objective: To analyze the prevalence and factors associated with the cooperation of arterial hypertension patients in primary health care.
"AB The effect of three selected plants on the functional response of Adalia bipunctata to different densities of Myzus persicae was examined in Petri-dish arenas. Logistic regression indicated a type II functional response on all plants. The maximum number of prey killed per day by females was 65.4 at a density of 130 preys on sweet pepper. On the other hand, handling time was significantly longer on tomato than on eggplant or sweet pepper (0.35h vs. 0.24h and 0.21h, respectively). This laboratory study suggests that plant characteristics influence the ability of A. bipunctata to respond to changes in prey density."
"AB The design and planning of more sustainable supply chains should take into account several impacts for a proper assessment of the environmental performance of the logistic activities. Unfortunately, minimizing several environmental objectives simultaneously leads to hard optimization problems. This paper presents a rigorous computational framework for solving complex multi-objective optimization (MOO) problems encountered in the optimization of logistic tasks under economic and environmental indicators. The key ingredient of our method is the use of an objective reduction algorithm that allows identifying redundant objectives that can be omitted while still preserving the problem structure to the extent possible. The advantages of our method are illustrated by means of two case studies that address the multi-objective optimization of supply chains that produce bioethanol and hydrogen for vehicle use. (C) 2014 Published by Elsevier B.V."
"AB Cashew consumption has been increasing globally, but environmental issues through the whole cashew supply chain, from production, processing and transportation, have been raised. Thus, green supply chain redesign has been put forward but implementation of related practices faces many barriers. Using the case of the Africa cashew industry, which produces over half of global raw cashew nuts but only process less than 10% to kernel, this paper systematically identifies these barriers considering stakeholders through the whole cashew supply chain. Based on evaluation of four experts, results by grey Decision Making Trial and Evaluation Laboratory reveal that successful green supply chain redesign implementation needs two elementary efforts by kernel distributors. One is increased collaboration with multi-tier suppliers (producer organizations and processors) and the other is to get strategic support from industry bodies, non-governmental organizations and development agencies. Additionally, in the short-term, kernel distributors need to overcome three key operational barriers, lack of internal top-level management commitment, lack of integrated management information and traceability systems, and uncertainty of economic benefits. Furthermore, barriers such as difficulties to assess environmental sustainability performance and lack of consumer demand for green cashew should be addressed in the long-term. This study contributes to identify barriers to the successful implementation of green supply chain redesign from perspectives of both the focal enterprise and the whole supply chain. A robust multi-criteria decision making method further reveals the most important and fundamental barriers which can offer decision support for kernel distributors and policymakers in the cashew industry."
"AB Purpose Supply chain management (SCM) focuses smart logistics and quality service. Diverse elements such as design, procurement, production and sale policies are the keys to SCM efficiency. Due to worsening environmental pollution in recent years, many businesses, government agencies and consumers have become more aware of greenhouse gases (GHG) emissions. In response, the government has established new environmental regulations to control various GHG, such as CO2 and sulfur dioxide. Therefore, to reduce pollution and its adverse effects, the authors have promoted environmental concerns by developing environmental friendly policies. The purpose of this paper is to develop a multi-objective decision making model that integrates both forward and reverse logistics to determine how best to incorporate recycling and reduce manufacturing costs. Design/methodology/approach In this study, the authors developed a multi-objective decision-making model that integrates both forward and reverse logistics to determine how best to incorporate recycling and reduce manufacturing costs. They used the normalized normal constraint method as proposed by Messac et al. (2003) to generate a series of uniform lines on a Pareto Frontier chart. Findings Based on the results of this study, the authors can determine the trade-off between costs and emissions and design the most environmental-friendly and economical strategy for production. Research limitations/implications - This study is limited to a case study on paper manufacturing. Practical implications - The authors considered the full truckload discount policy in which buyers can reduce their purchase costs by increasing the number of full truckload product orders; this will reduce transportation costs and also minimize overall carbon emissions. Social implications - This study encourages industries to focus on environmental friend policies and social responsibilities. Originality/value The authors investigated the impacts of the paper making industry on economy and environment. An increase in demand will negatively impact the environment by causing CO2 emissions to increase from higher production and the felling of more trees to provide raw materials for manufacturers (paper mills)."
"AB Due to industrialization, increasing solid waste is affecting environmental integrity globally. Reverse logistics (RL) has become a significant tool to deal with environmental degradation issues, and it is being implemented in developed countries. However, RL is at the infancy stage in developing countries especially in Pakistan due to different obstacles. This study aims to identify and analyzes the interrelationship between barriers affecting RL implementation in Pakistani manufacturing industry using an integrated methodology of Interpretive Structural Modeling (ISM) and MICMAC approach. Results of ISM and MICMAC identified organizational, financial, and technological barriers as dependent barriers. However, lack of government policy incentives, lack of responsiveness about RL, lack of enforceable laws on product return, changing in regulations due to political changes, lack of environmental law awareness and lack of corporate social responsibility emerged out as top-ranked barriers driving other barriers that need to be addressed. An inter-relationship based structural model will be helpful for supply chain and RL professional in understanding major obstacles to RL implementation and develop a strategy to promote RL in the manufacturing industry."
"AB This article considers a closed-loop green supply chain with both forward and reverse dual-channels, where a manufacturer produces and sells a single green product to the potential customers through both the direct online channel (e-tail/internet) and the traditional retail channel in the forward dual-channel, and collects the used products for remanufacturing from the customers through both the retail and the direct online channels in the reverse dual-channel (Model II). The pricing and greening strategies for the channel members and the whole supply chain are derived both analytically and numerically under centralized and three decentralized scenarios viz. manufacturer-led and retailer-led decentralized scenarios and Nash game. These results are compared with those in the case when reverse logistic does not exist (Model I). Two special cases are examined when the products are returned through only online channel and only retail channel. Sensitivity analysis is performed to explore the effect of key model-parameters on optimal decisions. From numerical analysis, it is observed that the retail price in the centralized scenario is higher than that in the decentralized scenario, which contradicts the result due to double marginalization, and the retailer-led decentralized policy provides higher profit than the other decentralized policies. Model II gives better result in terms of profit of the whole supply chain, whereas Model I suggests a more environment-friendly product. It is also observed that the channel members gain more profit when the retailer only collects the used products."
"AB This study aimed to evaluate the association between asthma and the intake of coffee/green tea/soda. We used Health Examinee data from the Korean Genome and Epidemiology Study (2004-2016). The participants (n = 3146 with asthma; n = 158,902 non-asthma) were asked about the frequency and amount of their coffee/green tea/soda intake. Multiple logistic regression analyses were used to calculate the adjusted odds ratios (aORs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for asthma according to the frequency and amount of coffee/green tea/soda intake. Compared to the group consuming no coffee, the aORs for asthma were 0.82 (95% CI = 0.73-0.93, p = 0.002) in the group consuming coffee 1-2 times/day and 0.87 (95% CI = 0.78-0.97, p = 0.011) in the group consuming coffee in quantities of 1 cup, respectively. However, the frequency and amount of green tea and soda consumption were not significantly associated with asthma after adjusting for coffee consumption (all p > 0.05). These findings were consistent in the female subgroup (1-2 times/day: aOR = 0.76, 95% CI = 0.66-0.87, p < 0.001, and 1 cup each time: aOR = 0.79, 95% CI = 0.70-0.90, p < 0.001) but not in the male subgroup. Drinking 1 cup of coffee each time and 1-2 times per day may have protective effects against asthma in a Korean population. However, the associations between asthma and green tea/soda cannot be clearly established."
"AB The vehicle routing problem with backhauls (VRPB) allows to integrate inbound and outbound routes, which is an efficient strategy to reduce routing costs and also to reduce the environmental and social impacts of transportation. In this paper, we analyze the VRPB literature with a sustainability perspective, which covers environmental and social objectives, collaborative networks and reverse logistics. First, to better understand and analyze the VRPB literature, all related works are characterized according to a common taxonomy provided for routing problems. This taxonomy is extended to differentiate between economic, environmental and social objectives. After identification of all VRPB papers that include sustainability issues, these are analyzed and discussed in more detail. The analysis reveals that research on VRPBs with sustainability concerns is recent and relatively scarce and the most popular aspects investigated are the minimization of fuel consumption andCO2 emissions. Future research lines driven by sustainability concerns are suggested for the VRPB as a promoter of green logistics."
"AB This comment analyses the results of the fixed-bed column modeling from the studies published by Gupta and Garg (2019), and Das et al. (2020), which are the last two papers on this topic published in this journal."
"AB We establish the existence of global solutions and L-q time-decay of a three dimensional chemotaxis system with chemoattractant and repellent. We show the existence of global solutions by the energy method. We also study L-q time-decay for the linear homogeneous system by using Fourier transform and finding Green's matrix. Then, we find L-q time-decay for the nonlinear system using solution representation by Duhamel's principle and time-weighted estimate."
"AB This study reviews actions taken by large companies in India to conform to environmental sustainability with a particular focus concerning road transport. The case study method was adopted. This entailed the researcher completing a questionnaire at face-to-face discussions with key informants in different companies across different industry sectors. The findings reveal significant congruence in adopting sustainability practices at business unit levels in general across diverse industry sectors but vary significantly in the transportation area due to segment-specific nuances. Further, it is seen that the sustainability steps are quite dependent on the nature of the products, cost of distribution related to the delivery points, and required reach of material. Research also shows that the stature of the companies expressly warrants that their policies and programs address the subject of sustainability in areas other than logistics and transportation. While this study is done across industry segments/verticals, it would be appropriate to investigate organizations within the same industry type to also establish if competition influences the width and depth of sustainability steps being taken by the Indian organizations."
"AB Evidence affirms that green space has health benefits, but ethnic inequities in green space availability are under researched. Percentages of parkland, tree canopy, and open grass within 1.6 km road network distance from home were linked to 110,233 participants in the Sax Institute's 45 and Up Study baseline survey living in the cities of Sydney, Newcastle and Wollongong. Participants were dichotomised as having insufficient quantity of each green space variable using 20 % vs 20 % as a cut-point, based upon previous studies indicating evidence of health benefits above this threshold. Adjusted multilevel logistic regressions were used to examine odds of insufficient green space associated with country of birth, years lived in Australia, and whether a language other than English was spoken at home. Compared to participants born in Australia, those born in Italy, Lebanon, Vietnam, or China had higher odds of insufficient parkland. Migrants arriving in Australia after 1966 and those speaking a language other than English also had higher odds of insufficient parkland. In contrast, odds of insufficient tree canopy were lower among participants born in Germany, Italy, Lebanon, the Philippines, China, and India compared to those born in Australia. Odds of insufficient tree canopy were also lower for those who moved to Australia after 1966 or who spoke a non-English language at home. Odds of insufficient open grass were higher for participants born in China, migrants between 1996 and 2008, and those speaking a language other than English at home. In conclusion, different ways of measuring ethnicity and green space influenced the patterns observed. Implications for understanding ethnicity-related contingencies in greenspace-health associations requires study."
"AB Due to an increase environmental awareness and stringent legislation, electronic companies attempt to move towards environmental protection and extend their efforts to integrate green competencies across their forward and reverse supply chain. Environmental performance of companies not only rely on design and manufacturing aspects but it is also affected by the partners' social as well as environmental performance. For companies, recycling and assets recovery process, as well as final disposal of waste of electrical and electronic equipment (WEEE), requires recycling partners to be equipped with green competencies (GC). With the scope of this paper, selection of most desirable recycling partner is an important task and complex decision for managers of electronic companies. This paper presents a three-phase novel hybrid methodology for partner selection by electronic companies. The first phase involves extensive literature for identification of green competencies (GC) criteria and then finalize seven main criteria and forty-eight sub-criteria with experts' opinion, the second phase involves fuzzy AHP method which is used to calculate relative weight and rank the selection criteria and third phase involves ranking of recycling partners' alternative with respect to GC criteria weights using novel VIKOR. Sensitivity analysis is also conducted to check the robustness and stability of the framework. The results indicate that resource and environmental management capabilities (REC), green core competencies (GCC), and regulatory obligation and risk compliance (RRC) are the key criteria for partner selection process. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Lean production has emerged in the past decades as one of the most popular themes in the business and manufacturing literature as it is the most extended production paradigm currently applied in industry. The lean approach is characterized by five principles (value, mapping the value stream, flow, pull and continuous improvement) that facilitate the reduction of waste (muda). In parallel, the environmental performance of a company in terms of pollution prevention, reduction and use/waste of resources is an issue increasingly concerning companies and customers in recent years. The focus on these issues has spurred an area of research that is commonly known as green production. Lean and green production concepts are both focused on waste reduction, and several authors have studied their relationships (commonalities and divergences) and the synergic effects of integrating these two management approaches. This research conducts a literature review in order to: (1) identify if firms which have applied lean principles and methods have improved their environmental measures; (2) highlight the environmental measures that are positively affected by lean practices adoption; and finally (3) underline the most important lean practices in relation to impacting environmental performance. The results are condensed in a final matrix that links some key lean practices to specific environmental measures. This matrix is of great interest for both researchers and practitioners since it suggests some possible relationships between various lean practices and the improvement of specific green performances. The findings give light regarding the state-of-the-art relationships between the lean and green production approaches. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Urban green space (UGS) plays an important role in maintaining and promoting public health because it provides opportunities for outdoor physical activities (PA). Many studies have proved that different UGS characteristics, such as area, shape, distance, etc., have a certain impact on the intensity or frequency of PA. It is noteworthy that most studies are completed on a city scale, which explains how ensemble characteristics of a park affect PA. However, few researchers have explored the relations between UGS features and physical activities at the parcel level. To address this gap, this study has investigated the effect of multiple features of UGS on the diversity of PA, with downtown Shanghai as the study site."
"AB Distribution activities arising from supply-chains of chemical and food industries involve the shipping of products directly and/or via distribution-centers. Also, due to growing ecology concerns, the recycling of recoverable-materials is becoming a common practice. In this paper, a distribution and recovering problem has been studied and modeled. The solution to the problem-model computes the forward and backward flows on a supply-chain network of a company that take into account 'green logistics' considerations. In this problem, vehicles departing from plants/distribution-centers perform delivery of products and pick-up of recyclables at the lowest network-level. At a higher level, larger vehicles resupply distribution-centers with products and bring back to plants recyclable goods. The operation must coordinate the vehicles-tours to assure efficient forward and backwards flows. The paper presents a column-generation based decomposition-approach for finding near-optimal solutions to the problem. We also present computational results on test problems derived from a real case-study. (C) 2016 Published by Elsevier Ltd."
"AB Land in India is changing in a rapid pace since the green revolution during 1960 and industrial policy reforms during 1990. Certainly land cover land use (LCLU) changes have huge impacts on countries overall ecological balance and climate change. The most intriguing fact is LCLU change is an interconnected phenomenon like a system. The understanding of local level LCLU dynamics are yet to get a momentum in India. The present study is an attempt: (1) to examine the land use change drivers active at the studied landscape of coastal Karnataka in India and (2) to model the LCLU changes in pre-industrialized period using Dyna-CLUE model. Binary logistic regression was used to categorize land change drivers and to estimate the probability of changes. Odd ratio from logistic regression indicates that the biophysical drivers are most prominent in determining location of LCLU. They being slope, relative relief, drainage density and availability of ground water are the most influential drivers for most of the land classes. The Dyna-CLUE model is successful to simulate the LCLU change at aggregate level but the spatial allocation needs improvement."
"AB Due to environmental concerns, firms are under increasing pressure to comply with legislations and to take up environmental strategies. This leads researchers and firms to develop new sustainable supply chains, where a new area has emerged for a manufacturing and reconditioning system. The originality of this work consists in simultaneously considering carbon emissions strategies, carbon tax and mandatory emission in a manufacturing-reconditioning system. The proposed system is composed of two parallel machines, a manufacturing stock, a reconditioning stock and a recovery inventory. In order to make the proposed green manufacturing system more realistic, it is assumed that manufactured (new products) and reconditioned products are distinguishable. The quantity of worn products (used products) depends on the sales in the previous periods, and the repair periods of the machines are stochastic and independent. The aim of this work is to determine the optimal capacities of manufacturing and reconditioning stocks that maximize the total profit, as well as the optimal value of worn products under two carbon emissions' limitations. An evolutionary algorithm is developed, along with an efficient improvement method, to find the optimal value of decision variables. Ultimately, numerical results are provided to show the impact of the period of carbon limit and the worn products (returned products) on decision variables."
"AB This study adopted the contingent valuation method (CVM) to estimate the annual economic value of QiedongWang-Gong (Bischofia javanica), the only urban heritage tree that was over a thousand years old in Taiwan, having the largest population in Central Taiwan. In this study, 307 samples were collected and classifying and excluding the protest responses, which took up about 26.7% of the whole sample, resulted in a 36.4% increase in the mean overall WTP. Results indicated that the respondents who ascribed low importance to the existence values of urban heritage trees and those who had never heard of Qiedong-Wang-Gong (or showed little concern about regular payment for protecting urban heritage trees) were more likely not to pay for conserving QiedongWang-Gong. The results also showed that the respondents whose ages ranged from 31 to 50 were likely to pay more than others for Qiedong-Wang-Gong conservation. Using multinomial logistic regression for further analysis, we found that older respondents were more familiar with Qiedong-Wang-Gong than younger ones. To bring more economic benefits of urban heritage trees management, our results suggested that local policymakers should improve young citizens' familiarities with local old trees by linking these green resources with the local culture."
"AB This paper evaluates the applicability of different multi-objective optimization methods for environmentally conscious supply chain design. We analyze a case study with three objectives: costs, CO2 and fine dust (also known as PM - Particulate Matters) emissions. We approximate the Pareto front using the weighted sum and epsilon constraint scalarization methods with pre-defined or adaptively selected parameters, two popular evolutionary algorithms, SPEA2 and NSGA-II, with different selection strategies, and their interactive counterparts that incorporate Decision Maker's (DM's) indirect preferences into the search process. Within this case study, the CO2 emissions could be lowered significantly by accepting a marginal increase of costs over their global minimum. NSGA-II and SPEA2 enabled faster estimation of the Pareto front, but produced significantly worse solutions than the exact optimization methods. The interactive methods outperformed their a posteriori counterparts, and could discover solutions corresponding better to the DM preferences. In addition, by adjusting appropriately the elicitation interval and starting generation of the elicitation, the number of pairwise comparisons needed by the interactive evolutionary methods to construct a satisfactory solution could be decreased. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
AB BACKGROUNDThe effect of temperature on chilling injury during fruit growth was studied in a new banana hybrid CIRAD925 in which seasonal variability in chilling susceptibility was observed when fruits were stored at 13 degrees C.
"AB The improper integration of traditional transportation modes with low emissions vehicles can generate a price war that reduces the service quality, undermining the efficiency and the profitability of parcel delivery operators. This paper aims to provide managerial insights to design a win-win strategy for the co-existence of traditional and green business models. In doing so, we adopt a multi-disciplinary approach that integrates a qualitative analysis through a Lean Business methodology, named GUEST, with a quantitative analysis based on simulation-optimisation techniques. This kind of holistic vision has received little attention in the literature. The first analysis investigates the parcel delivery industry with an emphasis on the main business models involved, their costs and revenues structures, while the quantitative part aims to simulate the system and extract sustainable policies. In particular, results highlight that in deploying mixed-fleet policies, the decision-makers have to focus both on the environmental sustainability that benefits from the adoption of low-emission vehicles, and on the operational feasibility and economic sustainability of the two services. In this direction, the paper suggests some managerial insights concerning the split of the customer demand between traditional and green operators, according to the classes of parcels and geographical areas of the city."
"AB A robust bi-level model of the single-product multi-period network design problem is proposed for a competitive green supply chain considering pricing and inventory decisions under uncertainty and disruption risks. The bi-level programming approach is used through this model to demonstrate the competition among two supply chains; the leader and the follower, respectively. After modelling the competition and applying pricing decisions by defining a price-dependent demand, disruption risks are analysed through the model. The proposed model simultaneously considers demand uncertainty and disruption risks and is capable of dealing with such uncertainties by implementing resilience strategies including, inventory decisions, and having a contract with reliable suppliers. Moreover, to consider the environmental issues, controlling CO2 emissions and managing the reverse flow were added to the model. Our approach to mitigate the problem uncertainties is to use the possibilistic programming method. The Karush-Kuhan-Tucker (K-K-T) optimality conditions are deployed to make a single-level equivalent form. Since the integrated model was bi-objective, the epsilon-constraint method is implemented to make a single objective integrated model. Finally, some managerial implications are discussed through an industrial case example."
"AB Urban densification and mixed-use development may have unintended consequences and should be informed by research that anticipates their varied outcomes. The purpose of this study is to understand the association between sleep duration/problems and different land use types ( commercial, residential, industrial, green space), and to further explore the role of traffic and noise as potential mechanisms for how land use can impact sleep. Using multilevel logistic and multinomial logistic regressions, we analyzed the association between land use and sleep duration/problems for a cross-sectional sample of 2411 participants across 443 dissemination areas in Toronto, Canada. We found positive associations between sleep problems/duration and commercial density, residential density, and industrial land use. However, these associations were fully attenuated once we controlled for traffic levels and self-rated noise, which suggests that land use was associated with elevated levels of noise and traffic, which in turn negatively impacted sleep. Density of green space was not independently associated with sleep duration/problems. Given the importance of noise and traffic as mediators between land use and sleep duration/problems, further research should evaluate whether site-planning and architectural solutions to reduce exterior noise and exposure to traffic can ameliorate these potentially negative effects of certain land uses."
"AB The article deals with a very topical issue of environmental suitability of complex transport chains. Overseas transport chains in finished vehicle logistics (FVL) consist of a series of transport routes in which they successively combine rail, road and sea transport. It is necessary to know the input parameters and their impact on the operation of FVL, especially with the aim of evaluating the air pollutants produced and the energy efficiency (EE) achieved. The article gives a systematic approach in defining input parameters and their evaluation for efficient green transport chain planning. The applicability of the approach is demonstrated on an ongoing FVL of the export flow of luxury vehicles from Europe to Asian markets. Transport chains from four production sites in Central Europe to two loading ports in Koper and Bremerhaven, and in maritime RO-RO transport to four Asian unloading ports are analyzed. The results of the study show the need for more comprehensive planning of export FVL, including environmental assessment at the planning stage. Significant savings in energy consumption and reduction in GHG (greenhouse gas) emissions can be achieved by shifting cargo flows to the southern transportation route. The article enriches the current research on sustainable operation of FVL and provides applied results for infrastructural adaptation of the southern transport route."
"AB This study evaluates the influence of metal and metal-oxide nanoparticles (NPs) on biogas production from green microalgae Enteromorpha. The concentration of metallic NPs (Ni, Co) was 1 mg/L and oxides NPs (Fe3O4, MgO) was 10 mg/L. An anaerobic digestion was carried out batch-wise with working volume, operating temperature, mixing rate and hydraulic retention time as 500 ml, 37 degrees C, 150 rpm and 170 h, respectively. The measurements of chemical oxygen demand (COD), volatile fatty acids (VFAs), reducing sugar and biogas production were observed to monitor effectivity of nanoparticles. The results showed that NPs has moderate positive influence in biogas production until 60 h of retention time but significantly improve afterward. The maximum total biogas yield of 624 ml was achieved by Fe3O4 NPs whereas highest biohydrogen, 51.42% (v/v) was achieved by Ni NPs. The cumulative increase in biogas production for Fe3O4, Ni, Co and MgO NPs was 28%, 26%, 9% and 8%, respectively. A modified Gompertz and Logistic function model were used to determine kinetic constants of the reaction. The logistic model has the better predicting ability for microalgae anaerobic digestion. (C) 2018 Hydrogen Energy Publications LLC. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Purpose - Despite the growing interest in reverse exchange, studies on the subject from the perspective of consumer participation and motivation remain sparse. Consumers' participation in reverse exchange is a key component of supply-chain reverse logistics. To address the gap in existing studies, this paper aims to empirically identify the intention and causes of consumer electronic product exchange (EPE). The proposed research model incorporates value-belief-norm and neutralization theories, linking consumers' values to their intentions to participate in EPE."
"AB Purpose Based on the empirical findings from a survey of Korean firms with greater environmental risks, this paper aims to identify variables that either promote or inhibit the successful implementation of green sourcing strategy and to evaluate the effects of green sourcing on the firm's supplier selection, waste management, packaging and regulatory compliance. Design/methodology/approach To help multinational firms configure an environmentally conscious (green) sourcing strategy, this paper conducted a mail-questionnaire survey and then analyzed the survey results obtained from more than 300 valid responses by using a series of multinomial logistics regression, ordinal regression and discriminant analyses. In addition, the authors performed a cluster analysis, chi-square tests of independence and cross tabulation to analyze the data. Findings The authors found that the main driver for the firm's green sourcing practices is its customer needs and preferences for the environment-friendly product and services instead of peer pressure or government mandates (including environmental regulation). Surprisingly, the authors also found that the firm with a greater purchasing power did not necessarily factor the supplier's advances in environmental programs into its supplier selection, although the firm's amount of purchase volume can give it a bargaining strength to pressure its supplier to adopt the environmental programs. Originality/value A rapid industrialization of Asia-Pacific countries for the past several decades brought unprecedented economic prosperity in those countries. However, it also eroded ecosystem quality gradually through air, water and ground contamination and pollution caused by industrial activities. Such concerns have prompted many firms in the Asia-Pacific region to reassess their up-stream supply chain strategy such as sourcing strategy. This paper is one of the first to examine how Asia-Pacific firms develop such strategy and identify the most common green sourcing practices that can be guidance for other firms embracing environmental programs."
"AB Objectives: The aim of this study is to analyze the data obtained from a randomized trial on the prevention of influenza by gargling with green tea, which gave nonsignificant results based on frequentist approaches, by using Bayesian approaches."
"AB OBJECTIVE: To investigate the association between exposure to green areas in the surroundings of the residence and the presence of common mental disorders among adults, according to different income strata."
"AB End of life vehicle (ELV) is a significant renewable resource with enormous economic value and environmental value. New regulation promulgated by the State Council of PRC has been implemented since June 2019, allows main assemblies of ELV can be sold to remanufacture enterprises, which dramatically prompts more enterprises to invest in the recycling industry. According to the technological recovery characteristics of ELV, the system layout design (SLP) method is briefly applied to arrange the plant facility layout of ELV recycling and disassembly enterprise. The relationship between logistics and non-logistics was firstly analyzed, and the operating unit correlation diagram of location and area were presented correspondingly. Then, through further modification and adjustment, the feasible layout scheme was obtained, and the reasonable general layout of the plant area was determined by using the weighted factor method. As a critical functional unit of the factory area, the detailed planning and design of the disassembly and shredding workshop were further presented. A detailed facility layout and logistics route of the disassembly and shredding workshop are finally proposed according to the obtained correlation diagram of the operating unit area based SLP, which has been implemented in a recycling company in Changsha, a typical case in China. Combined with the theoretical techniques of statistics, intelligent algorithms, and logistics analysis under the background of modern green production and sustainable manufacturing, this work can provide a new approach for plant layout design and optimization for ELV recycling and disassembly industry."
"AB Swertia chirata is a medicinal plant studied for its ability to synthesize polyshaped gold nanoparticles (AuNP). The process of AuNP biosynthesis was studied using artificial neural networks (ANN) with different activation function on output node (logistic or linear) and different training algorithm (back propagation or Levenberg-Marquardt). The maximum biosynthesis was checked under the optimized condition of 17.24% leaf extract, pH 4.61, gold chloride concentration 4 mM and temperature 53.61 degrees C. A significant improvement in the model efficiency for predicting AuNP biosynthesis around 37.60%, in terms of root mean square error was obtained with the developed ANN-linear(2) model, compared to the traditional response surface methodology."
"AB The port industry is currently facing major sustainability challenges. Globally, there is growing interest in ""eco-port'', ""green port'', and ""sustainable port'' initiatives due to pressure from sustainability issues, and Xiamen Harbor in China is no exception, but the relevant literature is limited. In this study, we introduce the environmental and ecological background of Xiamen Harbor, review the utilization of Xiamen Harbor and conduct a case study of a maritime logistics chain via Xiamen Harbor. We also identify the threats, conflicts and challenges for Xiamen Harbor and the limitations of the efforts for sustainable and green development in Xiamen Harbor. We conclude that there is a need to develop an integrated and long-term plan for Xiamen Harbor towards sustainability, which should adapt ""door-to-door'' services, i.e., from the supplier to the consumer. (C) 2019 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB This paper addresses a green capacitated vehicle routing problem that accounts for transportation emissions. A Dynamic Programming approach has been used to formulate the problem. Although small-sized problems can be solved by Dynamic Programming, this approach is infeasible for larger problems due to the curse of dimensionality. Therefore, we propose a Dynamic Programming based solution approach that involves the ideas of restriction, simulation and online control of parameters to solve large-sized problems. The added values of the proposed decision support tool have been shown on a small-sized base case and relatively larger problems. Performance comparisons of the proposed heuristic against other existing Dynamic Programming based solution approaches reveal its effectiveness, as in most of the instance-setting pairs, the proposed heuristic outperforms the existing ones. Accordingly, the proposed heuristic can be used as an alternative decision support tool to tackle real routing problems confronted in sustainable logistics management."
"AB Recent research has shown that spending in urban green spaces including parks has fostered gentrification, a process known as green gentrification. But could ongoing gentrification and gentrification risk also precede local spending on new or existing parks? Focusing on the City of Los Angeles, we investigate whether park investment generated through developer fees in 2016-2018 went disproportionately to neighborhoods undergoing gentrification or at risk to gentrify. Logistic regression models show that park spending occurred disproportionately in tracts with traits of ongoing gentrification, some characteristics of gentrification risk, and higher educational attainment. Also, areas with higher proportions of Black and Asian residents saw fewer park investments. As cities around the world increasingly rely on developer fees to fund public amenities, planners and policymakers should develop strategies to ensure such investments do not accelerate existing gentrification and displacement of the most marginalized."
AB BACKGROUND: The complex epidemiology of obesity includes environmental factors. We examined how accessibility to fast food restaurants and green spaces is associated with obesity.
"AB The effect of big data on the lean, agile, resilient, and green (LARG) supply chain has not been explored much in the literature. This study investigates the role of 'Big Data Analytics' (BDA) as a mediator between 'sustainable supply chain business performance' and key factors, namely, lean practices, social practices, environmental practices, organisational practices, supply chain practices, financial practices, and total quality management. A sample of 297 responses from thirtyseven Indian manufacturing firms was collected. The paper is beneficial for managers and practitioners to understand supply chain analytics, and it addresses challenges in the management of LARG practices to contribute to a sustainable supply chain."
"AB With the development of e-commerce, competition among enterprises is becoming fiercer. Furthermore, environmental problems can no longer be ignored. To address these challenges, we devise a green closed loop supply chain (GCLSC) with uncertain demand. In the problem, two conflict objectives and recycling the used products are considered. To solve this problem, a mathematical model is formulated with the chance constraint, and the e-constraint method is adapted to obtain the true Pareto front for small sized problems. For larger sized problems, the non-dominated sorting genetic algorithm (NSGA-II) and the multi-objective simulated annealing method (MOSA) are developed. Numerous computational experiments can help manufacturers make better production and sales plans to keep competitive advantage and protect the environment."
"AB The increase in the consumption level of products with various materials has resulted in many problems. A worrisome result of this situation is environmental problems. Thus, environmental considerations during the planning, designing, implementation, and controlling of business activities in the entire supply chain have taken more attention in recent years. Therefore, many studies have been performed considering the greenness of different activities within supply chains. Greenness assessment of supply chains is one of the most critical and essential subjects of the related literature. The companies can learn their weak sides and provide the required amendments to improve their supply chains' greenness as a result of the assessment. Hence, in this study, a greenness assessment methodology is proposed for four logistics stages including in-bound, in-plant, out-bound, and reverse logistics. By investigating the greenness of different logistics stages separately, their characteristics can be analyzed in a more systematic way. Also, a detailed KPI determination process is realized, and a comprehensive KPI set is proposed for all the logistics stages for the first time in the literature. Moreover, as another novelty, a methodology based on intuitionistic fuzzy-based techniques, an integrated IF-DEMATEL and IF-ANP approach, is utilized for the greenness assessment. The related steps of the developed methodology are explicitly provided within the study, an application is realized for a company, and results are analyzed in a detailed way."
"AB Nowadays, due to increase of environmental hazards and legislation in this context by governments and also restriction of manufacturing resources, researchers paid special attention to the design of closed-loop green supply chain network. To establish better coordination between the components of the supply chain and gain more profits in the network, special decisions are required during the product lifecycle. The network presented in this study consists of four layers in the forward chain including suppliers, manufacturers, distribution centers and customer markets, and it also includes three facilities containing collection, dismantler and disposal centers in reverse chain. A mixed integer linear programming model proposed to optimize closed-loop green supply chain by considering the level of quality for constituent components of manufacturing parts along with the pricing policy and product life cycles to maximize profits. Genetic algorithm and particle swarm optimization are used to find the optimal solutions. Having analyzed the results and due to the relative percentage deviation and solution time, it was found that genetic algorithm performs better compared with the particle swarm optimization. (C) 2018 Jordan Journal of Mechanical and Industrial Engineering. All rights reserved"
"AB Research in the field of green supply chains has recently gained attention in the developing world. This area is equally important for both practitioners and academics. Studies in the environmental sustainability field have predominantly addressed the carbon footprint concerning stakeholders in the production/manufacturing industries. However, they lack a comprehensive and tangible description of greenness. So, this research contributes to the literature on sustainable supply chains by identifying the factors involved in greening a supply network (both upstream and downstream). This paper focuses on exploring the indicators of greenness to develop a framework of related indicators in modern businesses. A comprehensive scale is developed and empirically validated to measure the extent of greenness in service industries in the United Arab Emirates (UAE). Based on interviews and survey results in the UAE service industry, the results indicate that greenness in a service supply chain has six underlying dimensions: ""managing operations,"" ""reducing resource requirements,"" ""building ecofriendly infrastructures,"" ""green computing,"" ""avoiding risks and uncertainties,"" and ""monitoring utilities."" Identifying the indicators of greenness can help bridge the existing gaps in the literature and help to make green service supply chains in the UAE a reality. The research provides several implications for researchers and practitioners, as well as highlights areas for potential future research. This paper is the first to combine stakeholder theory and the natural resource-based view in the literature on greenness."
AB Purpose - Firms that need to address growing concerns about the environmental impact of their activities could benefit from collaborating internally and externally. The purpose of this paper is to develop and empirically test a theoretical model of the effects of internal and external environmental collaboration with customers on the firm performance of logistics service providers (LSPs).
"AB Considering enormous adverse impact of improper disposal of e-waste on green house emissions and global climate change, it is imperative to develop improved understanding about reverse logistics. However, as majority of consumers prefer to store their e-waste at home rather than returning it to producer thereby limiting the successful implementation of reverse logistics, it is important to understand the psychological determinants of consumers' intention to return e-waste so that effective strategies could be designed accordingly. This research work aims to strengthen e-waste acquisition from the consumers by determining the psychological determinants of intention to return e-waste. This research work aims to strengthen e-waste acquisition from the consumers by determining the psychological determinants of intention to return e-waste. For this, a survey instrument was administered on 750 mobile phone users in India and structural equation modeling was used to analyze the responses."
"AB For environmental management, the role of consumers is extremely important in the settings of reverse logistics. Though it is a manufacturer's extended responsibility to handle the waste however by becoming the supplier of the end of life products, consumers' participation needed to be encouraged and hence require proper attention. For the said purpose, the present study is conducted whereby crucial determinants of consumer reversing behavior were identified and analyzed by the help of a unique two-staged methodology of partial least square-structural equation modeling and artificial neural network. The data comprised of 746 collected by the survey from ICT users whereby the findings reported to have significant relationships of return intention and reversing behavior with their determinants. Moreover, the aforementioned unique methodology helps in generating more robust results as findings from ANN reported to have moral norm as most important variable which according to PLS-SEM was second most significant construct, whereas attitude was found to be second most important as per ANN which according to PLS-SEM is the most significant construct. Nevertheless, the study offers insights which contributes in the literature of environmental management, reverse logistics, and consumer behavior. Lastly, based on the findings, the managerial implications and recommendations are accordingly discussed."
"AB Increasing concerns on energy use, emissions and food waste requires advanced models for food logistics management. Our interest in this study is to analyse the benefits of horizontal collaboration related to perishability, energy use (CO2 emissions) from transportation operations and logistics costs in the Inventory Routing Problem (IRP) with multiple suppliers and customers by developing a decision support model that can address these concerns. The proposed model allows us to analyse the benefits of horizontal collaboration in the IRP with respect to several Key Performance Indicators, i.e., emissions, driving time, total cost comprised of routing (fuel and wage cost), inventory and waste cost given an uncertain demand. A case study on the distribution operations of two suppliers, where the first supplier produces figs and the second supplier produces cherries, shows the applicability of the model to a real-life problem. The results show that horizontal collaboration among the suppliers contributes to the decrease of aggregated total cost and emissions in the logistics system. The obtained gains are sensitive to the changes in parameters such as supplier size or maximum product shelf life. According to experiments, the aggregated total cost benefit from cooperation varies in a range of about 4-24% and the aggregated total emission benefit varies in a range of about 8-33% compared to the case where horizontal collaboration does not exist. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Over the past two decades, China has been devoted to promoting the construction of more green buildings, which are usually certified via specific rating systems, including LEED and 3-Star. LEED (Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design), an international certification originating from the United States, and 3-Star, a domestic certification created by China itself, are the two most common rating systems used in China. This research provides a comprehensive comparison of LEED and 3-Star in terms of their targets, certification criteria, and standards. In addition, by employing logistic models, this research provides the first empirical evidence regarding what factors might affect the green building certification options in the Chinese context. The empirical study reveals: (1) LEED is more likely to be chosen for business and industrial buildings, whereas 3-Star is more likely to be chosen for residential buildings; (2) buildings in China's eastern region are more likely be certified via 3-Star than those in the country's central and western regions; (3) buildings in cities with higher GDP per capita, more FDI, and more real estate investment are more likely to be certified via LEED; and (4) investors and architectural firms with international backgrounds tend to prefer LEED. Explanations behind the results and related theoretical and policy implications are also provided. This research aims to assistant policymakers in better understanding developers' and owners' motivations in choosing specific certifications, and in designing or improving rating systems to promote more green buildings. (C) 2018 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Purpose With rising environmental concerns, recent years have witnessed a significant surge of academic and corporate interest in green supply chain coordination (GSCC). This is evident from the rise in channel coordination literature focused toward the elimination of sub-optimal in the green supply chain (GSC). This paper seeks to summarize the model-based research on coordination in GSCs with the help of a framework developed specifically for this paper. The purpose of this paper is to present an in-depth analysis of the widely used models in the area. Design/methodology/approach A review of literature is presented in this paper to examine the underlying concepts peculiar to GSCC. A classification framework is developed to present an exhaustive survey of commonly used concepts. Findings Around 90 percent of the papers on GSCC come from game theory (GT) application, which explicitly utilizes coordination through contracts. The review concludes prospective area of research in GSCC. The study posits that there exists a potential of creating a more rational and efficient coordination strategies to improve GSC's operational performance, with the view of the optimum distribution of resources and better environmental management. Originality/value To the best of authors' knowledge, this is the first state-of-the-art review of GSCC literature focused primarily on mathematical model-based literature. This review identifies various methodological and content-oriented characteristics of GSCC. The paper also opens avenues of future research."
"AB In the last decades, sustainable development has increasingly gained importance to service industry and the integration between Green, Lean and Six Sigma approaches in service systems is necessary in order to balance the need for operational efficiency with environmental commitment and social fairness. Because of that, the purpose of this paper is to critically review the Lean and Lean Six Sigma (LSS) methodologies and highlight their importance to achieve sustainable services. To do this, a systematic literature review of the subjects under investigation was conducted. The study has two major contributions. First, it is one of the first researches that examine the compatibility and divergences of Green, Lean and Six Sigma concepts and implications regarding its sustainable implementation in service industry. Second, it provides a holistic Green LSS framework attempting to help practitioners to find ways of institutionalizing it in numerous kinds of services, by pointing out nine critical factors for its implementation, such as continuous customer satisfaction, ethical relations and regulatory compliance, focus on knowledge management and human behaviors, and effective Jidoka automation. The proposed framework indicates new paradigms and pathways to achieve the balance in technical, economic, social and environmental priorities in services."
"AB It was hypothesized that periodontal diseases could be influenced by nutrition and food types. However, the role of nutritional factors in the risk of periodontal disease has not been clearly elucidated. This study was aimed at investigating the relationship between coffee, green tea, or soft drink intake and periodontitis. This prospective cohort study used epidemiological data from 2004 to 2016 from the Korean Genome and Epidemiology Study. Among 173,209 participants, 9,933 with periodontitis and 124,922 controls were selected. The frequency histories of coffee/green tea/soft drink intake among the participants were analyzed, and intake was categorized as no drink, mild drink (one time a month through six times a week), and heavy drink (one or more times a day). Variable factors were adjusted using logistic regression analysis (adjusted model). The chi-square test and independent t-test were used for statistical analysis. Adjusted odds ratio (aOR) for coffee or green tea intake and periodontitis were not statistically significant. The aOR was 1.16 (95% confidence interval (CI) = 1.11-1.21, P<0.001) for mild soft drink intake and 1.02 (95%CI=0.96-1.09, P=0.518) for heavy soft drink intake. Subgroup analysis showed that mild soft drink intake was significant across all groups (P<0.05), whereas coffee and green tea intakes were not significant in any subgroup. Overall, the study elucidated an association between mild soft drink intake and periodontitis."
"AB Background Different land cover types in cities, including green areas, have impacts on mental health. Few studies, however, have been conducted in megacities in low-/middle-income countries, which have extremely complex urban arrangements. Objective We analyzed land cover using the population database of the Sao Paulo Megacity Mental Health Survey (n = 4287) and the associations with the diagnosis of depression/anxiety. Methodology Automatic classification of the orthophotos of the metropolitan area was performed using the random forest algorithm to provide land cover variables. The association of mental health data with land cover was determined with logistic regression and multilevel regression models. Results The percentage of different green spaces, mainly grassed areas, within districts was negatively associated with the presence of anxiety (OR 0.994, 0.968, 0.994, respectively), while roofs, asphalt and shadow (OR 1.007, 1.021, 1.085, 1.021, 1.014, respectively) were positively associated with the presence of anxiety. These results were more significant in green areas within the fourth quartile [-0.352 (0.158) and -0.347 (0.155), respectively] and in the roofs in the fourth quartile [0.321 (0.159)]. No significant results were found for depression. Significance Our data indicate the need for intensive greenery in spaces with different vegetation compositions in urban environments, especially megacities, to improve the mental health of urban dwellers."
"AB The negative impact of greenhouse gases emissions on the environment has recently received considerable attention by both industry and academia. Companies and researchers strive to find new and innovative methods to reduce greenhouse gases emissions across all the stages of their green supply chains. The previous studies generally, employed integrated models for greenhouse gases emissions management in green supply chains. These models neglected the conflict and coordination among different supply chain members. Furthermore, as important practices to make the companies more adapted for the environment, product design, supplier selection, and logistics process are seldom studied in previous research. In this paper, we consider a green supply chain with multiple suppliers, a single manufacturer and multiple retailers. A game-theoretic model is established to simultaneously investigate the impacts of the product line design, supplier selection, transportation mode selection and pricing strategies on profits and greenhouse gases emissions. Genetic algorithm is applied to obtain the solution of this model. The proposed model and generated results can provide decision makers with a better tradeoff between profit and environmental impacts. A case study of air conditioner manufacturer in China is performed to illustrate the effectiveness of the proposed methodology. Several interesting findings are accordingly obtained. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB In the present study, we tested the bile acid binding capacity of red leaf lettuce, red cabbage, red kale, green kale, and Brussels sprouts through in vitro digestion process by simulating mouth, gastric, and intestinal digestion using six bile acids at physiological pH. Green and red kale exhibited significantly higher (86.5 +/- 2.9 and 89.7 +/- 0.9%, respectively) bile acid binding capacity compared to the other samples. Further, three different compositions of bile acids were tested to understand the effect on different health conditions. To predict the optimal dose for bile acid binding, we established a logistic relationship between kale dose and bile acid binding capacity. The results indicated that kale showed significantly higher bile acid binding capacity (82.5 +/- 2.9% equivalent to 72.06 mg) at 1.5 g sample and remained constant up to 2.5 g. In addition, minimally processed (microwaved 3 min or steamed 8 min) green kale showed significantly enhanced bile acid binding capacity (91.1 +/- 0.3 and 90.2 +/- 0.7%, respectively) compared to lyophilized kale (85.5 +/- 0.24%). Among the six bile acids tested, kale preferentially bound hydrophobic bile acids chenodeoxycholic acid and deoxycholic acid. Therefore, regular consumption of kale, especially minimally processed kale, can help excrete more bile acids and, thus, may lower the risk of hypercholesterolemia."
"AB Purpose The purpose of this paper is to model the enablers of an integrated logistics. The integration is accounted for incorporating sustainability, thereby aiming in its theory building. Existing models have focused on enablers of sustainable supply chain independently which lacks a holistic view in understanding the integrated logistics for sustainable supply chain."
"AB Seaports are considered one of the sources involved in the deterioration of the maritime environment due to the excessive amount of exhaust gases emitted from their activities. The majority of seaports depend on the national electric grid as a source of power for the domestic and ships' electric demands. This paper discusses the possibility of shifting ports from relying on the national grid electricity to green power-based ports. Offshore wind turbines and fuel cell units appear as two typical promising clean energy sources for ports. As a case study, the paper investigates the prospect of converting Alexandria Port in Egypt to be an eco-friendly port with the study of technical, logistic, and financial requirements. The results show that the fuel cell, followed by a combined system of wind turbines and fuel cells, is the best choice regarding electricity production unit cost by 0.101 and 0.107 $/kWh, respectively. Furthermore, using fuel cells and offshore wind turbine as a green power concept will achieve a reduction in emissions' quantity of CO2, NOx, and CO emissions by 80,441, 20,814, and 133,025 ton per year, respectively. Finally, the paper highlights the role that renewable energy can play when supplying Alexandria Port with green energy to lift the burden on the government in supporting the electricity, with a possibility of achieving a profit from 3.85 to 22.31% of the annual electricity cost compared with the international prices."
"AB Efficiency challenges of the hinterland connectivity, along with growing green concerns necessitate the integration of economic goals and environmental considerations, for port-hinterland logistics problems. This study focused on innovative modeling, for a three-mode port-hinterland intermodal freight distribution system, from the perspective of shippers. A hybrid distribution network topology, combining point to point, hub-and-spoke, and connected hubs was designed as route alternatives for loads from origin to destination. A bi-objective decision framework involving analytical scenarios of emissions limitation, emissions taxation, and an emissions trading scheme, was developed for policy analysis, and then applied to a real-life hinterland logistics network in the Yangtze River Economic Belt in China. The results showed that the implementation of the three emissions policies, all resulted in great changes in flows between intermodal routes and achieved emissions reduction goals. Nevertheless, the conflict between logistics costs and carbon emissions, differs from policy to policy. Some inflection points were identified to offer decision supports on policy insights, for the port-hinterland distribution network. Lastly, a sensitivity analysis on cost and emissions parameters was given. It revealed that the flow changes and trade-off relationship between economic and environmental objectives, were both sensitive to the road transportation mode."
"AB Decarbonizing maritime transport is among the top priorities of regulators and continuously attracts significant research attention. However, the cost of renewing and greening the fleet has not been explored in detail. To address this gap, the paper provided a bottom-to-top estimation of the financial need associated with decarbonizing the global shipping fleet for the next 5 years, i.e., until 2026. By developing a model focusing on the main asset classes, the paper approximated the expenditure implied in the short-term fleet renewal (newbuilding and vessel demolition) as well as the expenditure linked to retrofitting the existing fleet. The results indicated an aggregate financial need of USD 317 billion until 2026. Thereof, USD 235 billion are associated with building new ships, while USD 114 billion are allocated to retrofitting. Furthermore, proceeds of USD 33 billion can be generated via demolition sales of old tonnage, reducing the total financial burden. The results entail important policy implications, as they document the monetary impact on investors, lenders, and shipping companies regarding distinct segments of the fleet. Considering the declining overall supply of capital towards shipping, the given results provide a transparent account of the absolute financial implications of decarbonization policies."
"AB Background: Different types of tea may have varying effects on the risk of hemorrhagic stroke, but previous studies have generated inconsistent results. We performed a nationwide, multi-center, case-control study to evaluate the association between the consumption of tea and the risk of hemorrhagic stroke. Methods: This study included 940 patients aged 30 to 84 with non-traumatic acute hemorrhagic stroke who did not have a history of stroke or hemorrhage-prone brain lesions, as well as 940 community controls and 940 hospital controls matched to each patient by age and gender. Pretrained interviewers obtained information on potential confounders. Consumption of tea was assessed by using a food frequency questionnaire. Participants were asked to indicate the number of cups of tea (green, black, and oolong tea) they consumed per day or per week during the preceding year. Results: The adjusted odds ratios (ORs) and their 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were calculated by conditional logistic regression. The adjusted ORs of hemorrhagic stroke were 0.71 (95% CI: 0.59-0.87), 0.86 (95% CI: 0.55-1.37), and 1.34 (95% CI: 0.91-1.98) for consumption of green, oolong, and black tea, respectively, compared with no consumption. There was no significant linear trend for green tea consumption. Conclusions: Consumption of green tea may protect against hemorrhagic stroke, whereas consumption of black tea may have no meaningful effect on risk. (C) 2015 S. Karger AG, Basel"
"AB Background: Breast cancer is the main cause of cancer mortality among women. Green spaces have been recently associated with reduced cancer mortality among women. Mechanisms explaining the beneficial effect of green spaces include increased levels of physical activity and reduced exposure to air pollution, which have been both associated with cancer development."
"AB Purpose: The objectives of this study are to elaborate on the concepts, dimensions and elements of green supply chain management (GSCM) and develop a framework of GSCM implementation for the construction industry"
"AB Purpose Humanitarian supply chains (HSCs) by their very nature require urgent reaction to unforeseeable needs, making it difficult to properly plan for the support of actual demands. As such, integrating sustainability into traditional HSC practices continues to present a challenge to governments, nongovernmental organizations (NGOs) and other humanitarian-related agencies. This study focuses on identifying and categorizing the leading enablers to green humanitarian supply chains (GHSCs) and proposes a model for improving the responsiveness based upon a fuzzy total interpretive structural modelling approach. Design/methodology/approach Total interpretive structural modelling (TISM) uses group decision-making to identify contextual relationships among each pair of enablers and elucidates the nature of each underlying relationship. The fuzzy TISM shows the level of strength (very high influence, high influence, low influence and very low influence) of each enabler in relation to other enablers, which can help to inform management decision-making. Findings GHSC management requires strategic planning of inventory and logistics management. The importance of collaborative relationship building with HSC partners for developing capability and the effective use of available resources are keys to success. These improved relationships also help to promote postponement and similar speculation-based logistics strategies, as well as advanced purchasing and pre-positioning strategies. Finally, the speed and quality of response is found to be the top enabler in GHSC management. Research limitations/implications - One noted shortcoming of the chosen research method is its reliance on subjective expert judgement. However, collecting judgements is at the basis of many research methods, and the research team took utmost care throughout the research process to allay biases. Future empirical research can further examine the relationships suggested herein. Managers can use the model developed in this research to consider impactful ways to design and execute sustainable HSCs."
"AB The objective of this study is to identify the green supply chain management barriers (GSCMBs) and to prioritise the solutions to overcome the barriers of GSCM implementation. Through literature review and expert discussion, total 36 GSCMBs and 20 solutions were identified. The nationwide survey was conducted to rank the GSCMBs. Twenty-nine GSCMBs (Mean >= 2.50) out of 36 GSCMBs were selected for analysis. This study proposes a framework based on hybrid fuzzy AHP - VIKOR. The proposed methodology is helpful to overcome these GSCMBs for the success of GSCM implementation. The results show that 'integrate the reverse material flow in SC' is the highest ranked solution which provides useful insights for managers to formulate plans for benchmarking and setting targets for GSCM implementation through phase wise organisational priority to overcome the GSCMBs. This study provides an efficient, effective, robust and organised way to overcome the challenges to enhance the competencies of GSCM implementation."
"AB We study quality design and the environmental consequences of green consumerism in a remanufacturing context. Specifically, a firm has the option to design a non-remanufacturable or a remanufacturable product and to specify a corresponding quality, and the design choices affect both the production costs and consumer valuations associated with the product. On the cost side, remanufacturable products cost more to produce originally, but less to remanufacture, than non-remanufacturable products cost to produce. Analogously, on the consumer side, remanufacturable products are valued more, but remanufactured products are valued less, than non-remanufacturable products are valued. Given this, we investigate the environmental consequences of designing for remanufacturability by first defining a measure of environmental impact that ultimately is a function of what is produced and how much is produced, and then applying that measure to assess the environmental impact associated with the firm's optimal strategy relative to the environmental impact associated with the firm's otherwise optimal strategy if a non-remanufacturable product were designed and produced. (C) 2015 Elsevier BM. All rights reserved."
AB Purpose - The purpose of this paper is to summarize and analyze what is known regarding the ways in which stakeholder pressure may influence supply chain sustainability. The authors extend this understanding to develop a number of research questions and propositions for future investigation on this topic.
"AB End-of-use and end-of-life medicines waste management has been a challenge for public and private managers in different countries. Reverse logistics is a waste management strategy whose application to public pharmaceutical care processes faces legal restrictions and incertitude. Nevertheless, reverse logistics of end-of-use and end-of-life medicines may be both a saving and an environmental strategy in developing countries that manage health under limited resources. How to overcome restrictions to reverse logistics mainly in the context of primary health level? This study aims to investigate the most relevant critical factors for implementing medicine waste management in pharmaceutical care process. The unit analysis is the primary health level process in a developing country capital. Considering the characteristics of the issue at hand, it was designed a qualitative study. Data was collected through semi-structured interviews. The interviewees were key individuals who work directly with the process-from administering medicine to patients to managing waste at the end of the medicine's lifespan or after its use. Results indicated that despite reverse logistics arising from end users is legally forbidden, another type of reverse flow emerged from process analysis. The reverse flow, named reassignment flow, consists of still useful end-of-use medicines exchanged among the 10 government-ran pharmacies and over 140 health centers, where healthcare professionals administer and offer guidance on how to use them correctly. Another result was the identification of the most critical factors in implementing reverse logistics strategies in the public management context. The factors mentioned included aspects pertaining to management, information technology, infrastructure, and government, but they differ from the private context management, in which decision-makers has more freedom. Due to the barriers named by interviewees, the political barriers and complexity of primary health system, results of this investigation point to (i) reinforcing the reassignment flows inside pharmaceutical care logistics cycle, for saving purposes, and (ii) further development of a specific management unit to perform reverse logistics of end-of-use medicines arising from consumers, for environmental purposes. In times of shortage or resources caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, to know the critical factors is a step necessary in overcoming the current restrictions in direction of a well-succeeded medicines reverse logistics, either of reassignment or from final consumers. These results clarify the literature on end-of-use and end-of-life medicines reverse logistics. It also provides managers of 5000 municipalities in the country a perspective on the most relevant critical factors involved in their decision-making process, concerning the reuse of end-of-use medicines or the adequate disposal of end-of-life medicines in the environment."
"AB Green supply chain management and product innovation both have become sources of competitive advantage for companies from different industries. However, research on the configuration of green supply chains for new products represents a comparably new trend. In this paper, a goal programming approach is suggested to optimise the supply chain (SC) configuration for a new consumer product under consideration of economic and environmental criteria. The approach is illustrated by the case example of a fast moving consumer goods manufacturer. In this context, trade-offs between the ecologic factor of carbon emission, on the one hand, and financial value creation and customer service level on the other hand, are assessed in the deterministic analyses. The influence of long-term demand uncertainties is modelled in a scenario approach. It is observed that decentralised SC configurations enable carbon emission reduction without deteriorating the economic SC performance. Furthermore, it is detected that a focused economic optimisation strongly amplifies negative environmental impacts of demand uncertainties."
"AB The objectives of this study are to identify and systematize scholarly articles on the use of information system to support sustainable supply chain management and to suggest future research opportunities. Therefore, a structured literature review was conducted. The most relevant studies identified were classified and categorized into seven dimensions: research context, research focus, research method, sector analyzed, information system (IS) beneficiaries, relationship between IS and green supply chain practices, and performance benefits. The main authors and articles on this particular topic were identified. In addition, it was concluded that IS is an important support tool for sustainable supply chain management practices since it brings benefits to the organization, suppliers, and customers. Furthermore, IS positively influences the operational, financial, and environmental performance of the organization. However, further advances in the literature are still needed. The major contribution of this research is related to the recommendations that provide opportunities for future research. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB The environment and resources are major issue faced by mankind in the new century. With the increase of marine resources acquisition and marine logistics trade, the shipbuilding industry has been promoted, while the pollution problem of shipyard workshops has become the focus of environmental research. For this, this paper introduces green manufacturing into the environmental quality assessment system of shipyard workshop, to further evaluate the shipyard workshop environment quality. Then, it establishes the neural network (NN) model of workshop environmental assessment model. The research results show that dust pollution, noise pollution and CO harmful gas pollution are the main pollutant sources in the shipyard workshop environment, and the test results at different time and measurement points also vary in the same production workshop. Finally, the NN model established in this paper was used to make the environmental assessment of the shipyard workshop, finding that the environmental quality of the tube processing workshop in Dalian Shipbuilding Industry Factory is assessed to be good, while that of the steel processing workshop is unqualified. This paper provides a theoretical basis for the green manufacturing of shipyards."
AB Background and Objectives: Preoperatively evaluating reserved liver function is critical in preventing posthepatectomy liver failure (PHLF) in patients undergoing liver resection. The commonly used indocyanine green (ICG) clearance test has several drawbacks. Patients would benefit from a more reliable and straightforward means of assessing the risk of PHLF.
"AB Leading manufacturers in developed countries generally have high environmental awareness and implement proactive environmental management practices such as green supply chain management (GSCM). However, it is uncertain if smaller manufacturers in developed countries are more proactive than all manufacturers in developing countries. To understand this situation, we carried out surveys among small and medium-sized Japanese manufacturers, leading Chinese manufacturers and traditional Chinese manufacturers. Statistical results show that leading Chinese manufacturers have the highest awareness of both domestic and international environmental regulations/policies, and implement all GSCM practices at the highest level. Leading Chinese manufacturers and Japanese manufacturers are aware of international environmental regulations/policies, but such awareness only motivates them to implement eco-design practices. Traditional Chinese manufacturers have limited awareness of international environmental regulations/policies, but such awareness brings all types of GSCM practice. Such results can be helpful for different manufacturers in both developed and developing countries to develop suitable environmental strategies. Copyright (c) 2015 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd and ERP Environment"
"AB Purpose - It is becoming increasingly clear that as the pressures of climate change increase around the world, all nations must strive to lower their carbon footprint through conservation. If the growth trend of green building and infrastructure construction is to be continued and improved upon, then evidence must be collected as to the benefits they bring about, and the level of support they enjoy in the market. The purpose of this paper is to shed light on the economic performance of green buildings by evaluating whether LEED for Homes and BOMA-BEST properties capture higher market valuations and lower vacancy rates. These types of research questions have not been investigated to a great deal in the Canadian context. The primary analysis concerning municipal market valuation of green buildings was conducted using robust ordinary least squares and logistic regression models. Commercial vacancy rates were compared through the use of chi(2) tests. Our analysis did not lead to conclusive evidence that there exists a ""green"" premium in the real estate market with respect to municipal market valuations. The authors argue that this may largely be due to municipal appraisal methods that currently do not incorporate sustainability factors. As such, they may not adequately reflect market tastes and trends. Furthermore, while the vacancy rates of green commercial buildings were, on the whole, lower than their non-green counterparts, the differences were not statistically significant. Given these results, the authors propose a set of research activities that the academic community should pursue."
"AB Consumer goods supply chains have gradually incorporated lean manufacturing principles to identify and reduce non-value-added activities. Companies implementing lean practices have experienced improvements in cost, quality, and demand responsiveness. Nonetheless certain transportation and distribution practices may have detrimental impact on the environment. This study asks: What impact do current best practices in lean logistics have on the environment?"
"AB This paper develops a robust stochastic optimization model for reverse logistics in closed-loop supply chains. By determining the optimal flow of products using a Chance Constrained Robust Stochastic Programming (CCRSP), it is highlighted how the number of plant openings is influenced by the changes in carbon credit price. To assess the model performance, a set of numerical experiments in different sizes are developed and conducted. The effectiveness of the results are then compared to a proposed Heuristic Hybrid Taguchi PSO (HTPSO) solution algorithm, which underlines the effectiveness of the model. A sensitivity analysis on the carbon emission rate is carried out which underlines the role of Carbon Tax Policy. Finally, a real-life case study within the automotive manufacturing industry is carried out by applying the developed robust stochastic model. From a practical standpoint, the model can potentially be employed to meet the carbon credits that are used for handling the different carbon prices and trade scenarios. Also, it provides insights on how to better manage uncertainties, as well as to reduce the overall emissions in supply chains."
"AB Today, there is a great need for greener urban freight transportations due to their ever-increasing environmental impact. The planet's climate has been significantly affected as the temperature is constantly rising and extreme weather events are occurring more and more often. Aiming to reduce the environmental impact of freight transportation in urban areas, an advanced vehicle routing and scheduling system for improving urban freight transportations, has been developed. This paper presents the functionality of the advanced system, while also analyzing its subsystems and demonstrating its use in a case study. The system is provided as an integrated cloud-based software to support the needs of logistics companies, in order to efficiently schedule their deliveries and perform the routing of their vehicles. The utilized multi-objective algorithm produces solutions that minimize either the distribution cost or the environmental emissions or a combination of these parameters. An application of the system is performed for validation purposes, concerning the comparison of the system's results with corresponding real-life data provided by a medium-sized logistics company. The results of the testing reveal its significant contribution to the reduction of the environmental impact of the company's distribution services."
"AB To ensure environment friendly products in the international supply chain scenario, an important initiative is reverse supply chain (RSC). The benefits (environmental and financial) from a RSC are influenced by disposal of reusable parts, cost factors and emissions during transportation, collection, recovery facilities, recycling, disassembly and remanufacturing. During designing a network for reverse supply chain, some objectives related to social, economic and ecological concerns are to be considered. This paper suggests two strategies for reducing the costs and emissions in a network of RSC. This research work considers design of RSC for a used-car resale company. First strategy outlines the design of a mobile robot-solar-powered automated guided vehicle (AGV) for reducing logistic cost and greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. The second strategy proposes a new multi-objective optimization model to reduce the costs and emissions of GHG. Strict carbon caps constraint is used as a guideline for reducing emissions. The proposed strategies are tested for a real-world problem at Maruti True Value network design in Tamil Nadu and Puducherry region of India. Two algorithms namely Elitist Nondominated Sorting Genetic Algorithm (NSGA-II) and Heterogeneous Multi-Objective Differential Evolution algorithm (HMODE) are proposed. HMODE is a new improved multi-objective optimization algorithm. To select the best optimal solution from the Pareto-optimal front, normalized weighted objective functions (NWOF) method is used. The strength or weakness of a Pareto-optimal front is evaluated by the metrics namely ratio of non-dominated individuals (RNI) and solution spread measure (SSM). Also, Algorithm Effort (AE) and Optimiser Overhead (OO) are utilized to find the computational effort of multi-objective optimization algorithms. Results proved that proposed strategies are worth enough to reduce the GHG emissions and costs."
"AB Scheduling can be defined as the allocation of available resources over time while optimising a set of criteria like early completion time of task, holding inventory, etc. The complexity of the scheduling problem, already known to be high, increases if dynamic events and disruptions are considered. In addition, in production and logistics, designers of scheduling systems must consider sustainability-related expectations. This paper presents an energy-efficient scheduling and rescheduling method (named Green Rescheduling Method, GRM). GRM aims at the solving of the dynamic scheduling problem under the condition of a certain level of routing flexibility enabling the reassignment of tasks to new resources. The key performance indicators integrated into the proposed GRM are effectiveness and efficiency-oriented. Applications concern the domains of production and logistics. In order to assess the proposed approach, experimentations have been made and results illustrate the applicability of GRM to build efficient and effective scheduling and rescheduling both for flexible manufacturing systems and inventory distribution systems in a physical internet network. A mathematical formulation for flexible job shop problem with energy consumption is also proposed using mixed Integer programming to evaluate the performance of the predictive part of GRM."
"AB A comprehensive tyre remanufacturing supply chain strategic planning model is proposed under uncertainty and group decision making environment for reconfigurable supply chain to integrate business economics with carbon tax policy. To solve the proposed fuzzy multi-objective mixed integer programme model, a methodology is designed by combining various techniques. Numerical experiments were conducted to provide important policy insights for industry practitioners and the government such as (1) developed carbon tax-reward policy and carbon-tax- reward-forex policy other than carbon tax policy for future tyre remanufacturing supply chain carbon emission policies, (2) evaluated the possible influence of distance of used product suppliers from initial deposit facility on reconfigurable tyre remanufacturing strategic supply chain planning, (3) designed the measure of the greenness i.e. the greenness index of various tyre remanufacturing supply chains to compare various supply chains in the tyre remanufacturing industry, (4) suggested the foreign exchange (forex) reward rate for a tyre remanufacturing supply chain on basis of its greenness index in the tyre remanufacturing industry. (C) 2018 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Over the past decades, the significant adverse effects of economic and industrial human activities on the environment have led to the introduction of sustainability and sustainable development concepts. Based on the principles of sustainable development, in a decision/production process, managers and policymakers should not only have economic concerns but also consider social and environmental issues. In this regard, local and national governments have been convinced to intervene in supply chains mostly by imposing subsidies and/or taxes to make their activities more sustainable. Accordingly, designing sustainable supply chains has turned into a critical issue for both managers and researchers in different industries. Transportation and distribution represent two of the most unsustainable steps in any supply chain; cooperation with Third-Party Logistics (3PL) companies could help to make these steps sustainable. The main purpose of this study is to investigate the issue of sustainable supply chain management under the presence of the government and through the application of an outsourcing strategy to a 3PL company in the transportation sector. The problem is studied according to different formats of competition, decision-making, number of players, and public awareness. Considering different decision structures, the game theory is applied to model the problem and obtain the equilibrium values. Finally, a sensitivity analysis is conducted on each model, and some numerical examples are solved to show how applicable the models are. The results show that cooperation with 3PLs in a supply chain enhances the public awareness about environmental issues and promotes the sustainability of the supply chain. Governmental tariffs can also serve as practical tools to push supply chains towards sustainable strategies."
"AB Logistics service providers (LSPs) are under tremendous pressure in the fight against global climate change. While existing research has examined the operational importance of LSPs in decarbonizing supply chains, the strategic perspective of LSPs on low carbon supply chains has not received enough attention. Motivated by the evolving role of LSPs from a service provider to a resource integrator in the supply chain, drawing on the relational view of inter-organizational competitive advantage, this paper focuses on LSPs' low-carbon supply chain integration (SCI) and empirically investigates its drivers and outcomes. Data from 124 Chinese LSPs shows that LSPs' corporate environmental responsibility and customer environmental requirement have positive relationships with LSPs' low-carbon SCI, and that LSPs' low-carbon SCI is positively related to LSPs' environmental and financial performance. In addition, LSPs' environmental performance is found to have a positive relationship with LSPs' financial performance. These findings not only provide new insights for LSPs' low-carbon supply chain initiatives, but also highlight the importance of SCI as a strategic approach in low-carbon supply chain management."
"AB The purpose of this paper is to explore the presence of spatial and temporal effects on the calls for noise disturbance service reported to the Local Police of Valencia (Spain) in the time period from 2014 to 2015, and investigate how some socio-demographic and environmental variables affect the noise phenomenon. The analysis is performed at the level of Valencia's boroughs. It has been carried out using a logistic model after dichotomization of the noise incidence variable. The spatial effects consider first- and second-order neighbors. The temporal effects are included in the model by means of one- and two-week temporal lags. Our model confirms the presence of strong spatio-temporal effects. We also find significant associations between noise incidence and specific age groups, socio-economic status, land uses, and recreational activities, among other variables. The results suggest that there is a problem of ""social"" noise in Valencia that is not exclusively a consequence of coexistence between local residents. External factors such as the increasing number of people on the streets during weekend nights or during summer months severely increase the chances of expecting a noise incident."
"AB In many industrial sites, a series of various organic and inorganic co-contaminant species are simultaneously present in their aqueous discharges. This therefore justifies the recent interest and the choice of binary and ternary adsorption of three co-contaminant species to understand their competitive effects. Here we introduced two types of theoretical adsorption models, recently developed by us: multi-logistic distribution and statistical physics. These modeling approaches were applied in order to understand the adsorption of two cationic dyes (Rhodamine B, RB and Malachite Green, MG) and one metal cation (Cadmium Cd(II)) on granulated activated carbon (GAC). New experimental batch adsorption data were obtained with these mono-component, binary and ternary systems. The adsorption capacities of all these pollutants decreased from single to binary and ternary systems. Moreover, although Cd(II) did not lead to any notable competitive effect, when the two dyes were simultaneously present (binary and ternary systems) there was an increase in the adsorption capacity for RB and a decrease for MG, thus indicating a complex removal process due to different adsorption effects. Both models were used to calculate affinities, dissociation constants, steric and energetic parameters to characterize the single, binary, and ternary adsorption of tested pollutants. Modeling results indicated that the number of captured adsorbates per active receptor site of GAC decreased from single to binary and ternary systems, signaling a competitive effect for the same adsorption site. Based on this parameter, the adsorption orientation of these three pollutants was described. Interestingly, the models provided adsorption energies which allowed the characterization of the interactions between the adsorbates and the adsorbent surface. Calculated adsorption energies showed that the adsorption in single, binary, and ternary systems was associated to physisorption."
"AB This study investigates one of the reverse logistics issues, after-sale repair service for in-warranty products. After-sale repair service is critical to customer service and customer satisfaction. Nonetheless, the uncertainty in the number of defective products returned makes forecasting and inventory planning of service parts difficult, which leads to a backlog of returned defectives or an increase in inventory costs. Based on Bathtub Curve (BTC) theory and Markov Decision Process (MDP), this study develops a dynamic product failure rate forecasting (PFRF) model to enable third-party repair service providers to effectively predict the demand for service parts and, thus, mitigate risk impacts of over- or under-stocking of service parts. A simulation experiment, based on the data collected from a 3C (computer, communication, and consumer electronics) firm, and a sensitivity analysis are conducted to validate the proposed model. The proposed model outperforms other approaches from previous studies. Considering the number of new products launched every year, the model could yield significant inventory cost savings. Managerial and research implications of our findings are presented, with suggestions for future research."
"AB This study uses a mathematical approach to assessing the inhibitory effect of Zn2+ (0-10 mM, obtained from ZnCl2 and ZnSO4) in presence of NaCl (0-8%) and hydroxytyrosol (0-2588 mg/L), on a yeast cocktail formed by species Pichia galeiformis, Pichia kudriavzevii, Pichia manshurica and Candida thaimueangensis obtained from spoilt green olive packages. The logistic/probabilistic models were built in laboratory medium using a total of 1980 responses (1188 for NaCl and 792 for hydroxytyrosol). ZnCl2 showed significantly higher inhibitory effect than ZnSO4 in the presence of both NaCl (p < 0.033) and hydroxytyrosol (p < 0.009). NaCl did not interfere the effect of Zn2+ while hydroxytyrosol, at high levels, had a slight antagonistic effect. According to models, Zn2+ inhibits (p = 0.01) the yeast cocktail in the range 4.5-5.0 mM for ZnCl2, or 8.5-9.5 mM for ZnSO4. Therefore, this work confirms the fungicidal activity of zinc compounds (mainly ZnCl2) in synthetic medium, and also shows that the loss of zinc effectiveness in real green Spanish-style olive packaging is not due to the presence of NaCl or hydroxytyrosol, two of the most abundant chemical compounds in the product. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB The methods and tools for the performance measurement and evaluation of the green supply chain management are very important elements for the construction and function of this type of supply chain. The result is a presentation of the considerations underlying a very general model, which presents some selected tools, but no breakdown of individual industries. The considerations undertaken are important and have scientific added value as usually in practice, a very large number of tools are used to assess the supply chain, which are not always correlated or adapted to the specificity of the chain. It is worth pointing out which of the already used or completely new tools and methods will be most useful for assessing the green supply chain. The structure of the paper covers the theoretical and empirical. It includes an introduction, our goals and hypotheses, state of the art, methodology, empirical findings, and discussion. We present the definitional differences between green and sustainable supply chains and focus on the selection and identification of methods for the framework model for evaluating the green supply chain. In the next step, the theoretical and selected method and tools were compared to a survey of Poland. On the basis of the survey, we present the findings and discussions found in this area. The main methodology used includes a literature review, a survey analysis using a questionnaire and statistical tools. The survey was carried out in 2015 in sample organizations in Poland. The research results showed that organizations were aware of the environmental elements of measuring and assessing the supply chain from an environmental point of view, but their use depended on many factors: the area, size of the organization, or the industry. If certain boundary conditions are met and the organizations are aware of the essence of environmental aspects in the chain, then they are applying green measures to the supply chain. These findings provide a glimpse into the measurement system and show that organizations still have yet to understand the essence of green and sustainable performance measurement, the meaning of its application, and the benefits it brings. However, traditional measurement still plays a large role, so it is important to reflect on how to convince organizations to pay more attention to environmental aspects, while at the same time applying a green supply chain assessment model. These results are a framework in which to start building a green supply chain assessment model. The empirical research aimed to answer the question of whether theoretical and sustainable management tools have already played a role in perceiving and assessing the green supply chain."
"AB Plug-in Hybrid Electric Vehicles (PHEVs), as a new type of environmental-friendly low cost transportation, have attracted growing interests for logistics. The path-planning optimization for PHEV has become a major challenge. In fact, PHEV-based routing optimization is a type of hybrid vehicle routing problem (HVRP). Compared with the traditional Traveling Salesman Problem (TSP) and Vehicle Routing Problem (VRP), the PHEV routing problem should consider more constraints, such as time limits, capacity constraints (including fuel tank capacity and battery capacity), electric stations, fuel stations and so forth. In this paper, a Mixed Integer Linear Programming formulation is presented and a novel hybrid metaheuristic approach (HMA_SVND) is proposed. Our method is a combination of memetic algorithm (MA), sequential variable neighborhood descent (SVND) and a revised 2_opt method. Comparative studies show that our proposed method outperformed previous works."
"AB This article proposes a revised definition of the circular economy after having analyzed and compared the most prominent related concepts. Based on an analysis of academic literature, defining characteristics of different concepts are identified to structure the field of research. The comparison of concepts serves as a basis for the synthesis: a revised definition of the circular economy. While most concepts overlap, they emphasize different issues. Our classification helps to distinguish how concepts are situated in dimensions such as industry/service oriented, efficiency/zero waste target, or micro/macro scope. The revised definition distinguishes between core characteristics of a circular economy and framing conditions enabling its implementation. It has the potential to support both researchers and practitioners to develop clearer guidelines for the path to a circular economy."
"AB Purpose - The purpose of this paper is to study the potential for improving sustainability performance in food supply networks by implementing collaborative distribution. Food supply chains generate a significant portion of CO2 emissions, because of the large volume of food transportation and the large number and frequency of trips made to deliver food products to retail stores, making it available to the customers. Collaboration of partners in food supply chains will lead to reducing CO2 emissions."
"AB This paper presents a Stochastic Multi-Objective Mixed Integer Non-Linear Problem (SMOMINLP) to redesign the sustainable supply chain to recycle certain products. The model integrates economic, environmental and social objectives to support strategic decisions such as facility location, material flow design and transport selection. The environmental impact objective is calculated through the Life Cycle Assessment (LCA) methodology using the Eco-indicator 99 method. A multi-criteria programming approach algorithm to manage several objectives linked with stochastic programming to address uncertainty is developed in this investigation. In addition, to assess the solutions obtained and to reduce the uncertainty effect on decision-making, a performance indicator is proposed. Model feasibility has been tested in Cuba. In this case study, the redesign of a supply chain for plastic recycling is examined. The experimental results show supply chain configurations that improve sustainability performance. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB The manufacturing industry is undergoing transformation and upgrading from traditional manufacturing to intelligent manufacturing, in which Internet of Things (IoT) technology plays a central role in promoting the development of intelligent manufacturing. In order to solve the problem that low production efficiency and machine utilization lead to serious pollution emissions in the workshop caused by untimely transmission of information in all links of the production and manufacturing process to whole supply chains, this study establishes an intelligent production scheduling and logistics delivery model with IoT technology to promote green and sustainable development of intelligent manufacturing. Firstly, an application framework of IoT technology in production-delivery supply chain systems was established to improve efficiency and achieve the integration of production and delivery. Secondly, an integrated production-delivery model was constructed, which takes into account time and low carbon constraints. Finally, a two-layer optimization algorithm was proposed to solve this integration problem. Through a case study, the results show this integration production-delivery model can reduce the cost of supply chains and improve customer satisfaction. Moreover, it proves that carbon emission cost is a major factor affecting total cost, and it could help enterprises to realize the profit and sustainable development of the environment. The production-delivery model could also support the last kilometer distribution problem and extension under E-commerce applications."
"AB The design of sustainable logistics solutions poses new challenges for the study of vehicle-routing problems. The design of efficient systems for transporting products via a heterogeneous fleet of vehicles must consider the minimization of cost, emissions of greenhouse gases, and the ability to serve every customer within an available time slot. This phenomenon gives rise to a multi-objective problem that considers the emission of greenhouse gases, the total traveling time, and the number of customers served. The proposed model is approached with an epsilon-constraint technique that allows small instances to be solved and an evolutionary algorithm is proposed to deal with complex instances. Results for small instances show that all the points that approach the Pareto frontier found by the evolutionary algorithm are nondominated by any solution found by the multi-objective model. For complex instances, nondominated solutions that serve most of the requests are found with low computational requirements."
"AB In 2018-2019, the recall scale of electric vehicles (EVs) in China reached 168,700 units; recalls account for approximately 6.9% of sales volume. There are imperative reasons for electric vehicle batteries (EVBs) recalls, such as mandatory laws or policies, safety and environmental pollution risks, and the high value of EVB echelon use, and thus, it has become increasingly important to reasonably design a reverse logistics (RL) network for an EVB recall. In this study, a multiobjective and multiperiod recall RL network model is developed to minimize safety and environmental risks, maximize the social responsibility and economic benefits, and consider the characteristics of EVBs, including the configuration of key recall facilities and the control of recall flows. The results of this study will help EVB practitioners, relevant departmental policymakers, and others to comprehensively understand the recall of EVBs, strengthen the safety and environmental protection issues in the EVB recall process, and promote the establishment of a safe, green, and sustainable EVB recall RL network."
"AB Due to the impact of COVID-19, enterprises need effective pricing strategies to improve profits and viability. In order to fill research gaps in the literature relating to market competition among different freight modes and to adjust the freight transportation structure by optimizing transportation prices, we propose a multi-objective bi-level programming pricing model that considers market competition and the carbon emissions of the freight system in China. First, an objective function in upper-level planning was used to improve logistics enterprise profits and reduce the total carbon emissions of the freight system. Then, a generalized cost function for the freight transportation mode was designed to quantify the market competition among different transportation modes, and a user equilibrium assignment model was established to obtain the results of cargo flow assignment in lower-level planning. To solve the model, a sensitivity analysis algorithm was designed, and a logistics network example was used to verify the effectiveness of the model. The experimental results show that reasonable freight price adjustment can effectively increase enterprise profits and reduce the total carbon emissions of the freight system. In this paper, we provide a new method for freight pricing research, considering the market competition of multiple transportation modes, and provide a new idea for adjusting the transportation structure through freight price optimization, which will play a positive role in promoting the development of green freight."
"AB Supply vessels serving oil and gas installations at sea are a major emission source of greenhouse gases in offshore logistics. Speed optimization strategies applied in tactical vessel planning significantly reduce fuel consumption and thus emissions. Nevertheless, the environmental performance of these strategies in rough weather conditions is difficult to estimate as the duration of supply vessel operations is weather dependent. In this paper we develop a simulation-optimization tool which estimates the average fuel consumption for weekly vessel schedules. The schedules are constructed by using speed optimized vessel voyages which are simulated under different weather conditions. Results of experiments on real instances show that rough weather conditions increase fuel consumption and costs. The application of speed optimization strategies reduces fuel consumption both in winter and summer, but the reduction may be at the expense of a fixed vessel cost increase in the winter season."
"AB The paper presents an opto-double color image cipher using two dimensional (2D) chaotic Arnold transform (AT) as a preprocessing scrambling stage and 2D chaotic Logistic adjusted Sine map (LASM) phase masks in the Fresnel (Fr)-based Hartley Transform (HT). In the proposed opto-double color image cipher, the 2D chaotic LASM is utilized to create chaotic phase masks. The color plainimage red, green and blue channels are firstly scrambled with 2D chaotic AT. Then, the scrambled color plainimage red, green and blue R-G-B channels are modulated using the 2D chaotic LASM phase mask and transformed with the Fr-based HT. The transformed complex R-G-B channels distributions are secondly scrambled with the 2D chaotic AT, modulated secondly with the 2D chaotic LASM phase mask and transformed with Fr-based HT. The utilization of 2D chaotic LASM phase masks in addition to the 2D chaotic AT provides efficient key administration and communication. Also, optical geometric parameters are considered as extra additional keys that enhances the secrecy of the proposed scheme. A comprehensive security study is employed for the proposed scheme and test results verifies and ensures that the proposed scheme is highly immune and resistant against most potential attacks."
"AB This article aims to present research conducted on the literature regarding Multi-objective Optimization (MOO) for routing problems with environmental considerations (EC), referred to here as Multi-objective Optimization for the Green Vehicle Routing Problem (MOOGVRP). A Brazilian database, CAPES (Coordination for the Improvement of Higher Education Personnel), was used to collect articles of general application, case studies and reviews in English starting from, since 2012. The terms ""green vehicle routing problem"" (GVRP), ""pollution routing problem"" (PRP), ""vehicle routing problem in reverse logistics"" (VRPRI.) and "" multi-objective"" were used in the research protocol. Consequently, this study obtained 1,744 research results that, following the application of the filtering criterion, resulted in a sample of 76 articles from 38 journals, for which a bibliometric data (bibliometric review) survey was conducted. When dealing with the bibliometric data of the sample, it was possible to identify information such as the number of publications per year and types of published works. Information was also identified regarding the most frequently used journals and the countries and institutions that published the most articles on the proposed theme. It was also possible to analyze the frequency of the protocol terms in the title, abstracts and keywords, the relationship between taxonomies, vehicle fleet types, multi-objective procedures, and VRP procedures. Information was also found regarding solution procedures, number of objectives, and programming languages for computational implementation, the frequency of the most used objectives, and the most cited articles in the sample. The originality of this article lies in how the research is presented, highlighting the results and particular details obtained through the survey, which may be considered of great academic importance in the sense of guiding the trends for future research."
"AB Experiments conducted from 2007 to 2012 evaluated the genotype x environment effects on breeder seed of eight peanut (Arachis hypogaea L.) cultivars grown under similar production practices. Seed germination and vigor by plot replication were evaluated in Petri-dishes incubated over a thermal gradient ranging from 12 to 36 degrees C at approximately 1.0 degrees C increments. Growing degree day (GDD) accumulation for each temperature increment was calculated based on daily mean temperature measured by thermocouples. Lorentzian distribution models were used to establish the temperature and time (hours) to maximum germination. With respect to maximum germination and temperature; Georgia-07W (23.9 degrees C) < Florida-07 (25.0 degrees C) < Georgia Greener (25.2 degrees C) < Georgia-06G (25.3 degrees C) = Tifguard < Georgia Green (26.4 degrees C) < Georgia-09B (27.1 degrees C) = Georgia-02C. Nonlinear regression indices from logistic growth curves with three parameters were used to elucidate seed germination by cultivar. These data included maximum indices of germination for each cultivar by year establishing parameter estimates using nonlinear regression, GDD value at 80% germination (Germ80), and temperature required by each cultivar for optimum germination. Peanut cultivar vigor varied by year with respect to overall GDDs to reach Germ80 and maximum germination (b(0)). Ranking of cultivars by GDD to reach Germ80 were: Georgia Green < Georgia-02C < Georgia-06G = Georgia Greener < Georgia-09B < Georgia-07W < Tifguard < Florida-07. This indicates that Georgia Green had much greater vigor than Florida-07 over the course of the experiments. Georgia-06G peanut seed were consistent with respect to germination, Germ(80), and b(0). All cultivars exhibited phenotypic variation by year, with genotype consistency across years."
AB Aim: The present study aimed to examine whether nutrient intakes predicted cognitive decline among elderly patients with diabetes mellitus.
"AB This paper analyzes the impacts of carbon emission regulations on the traditional inventory routing problem (IRP). We first present the traditional IRP model, which is an inbound commodity collection system consisting of one assembly plant and a set of geographically dispersed suppliers. At the beginning of each period, a fleet of capacitated identical vehicles depart the depot to pick up products from suppliers to meet the assembly plant's demand, which is deterministic and time-varying. We use fixed transportation cost, fuel consumption cost and inventory holding cost to evaluate the system's total cost, in which fuel consumption cost is determined by fuel consumption rate, distance and fuel price. Then we investigate the impacts of carbon emission regulations on the traditional IRP problem, wherein carbon emissions are generated by fuel consumption. A series of mixed integer nonlinear programming models are constructed and linearization methods are used. A hybrid genetic algorithm based on allocation first and routing second is proposed to find near-optimal solutions for these problems. Numerical tests are performed to show the effectiveness of the proposed algorithm, and several managerial insights are observed from parameter sensitive analyses which may help both the government and the industry to adopt appropriate carbon reduction regulations. (C) 2016 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB Cities undergoing climate change and rapid urbanization are faced with significant transformational processes that affect the environment and society, challenging them to become more sustainable and resilient. The promotion of nature-based solutions represents an efficient approach to meet sustainability targets in cities and improve the quality of life of citizens. The association of large components of green infrastructure, such as urban parks, with physical activity can counteract the sedentary lifestyle endemic to cities and improve the overall health and well-being of individuals (Can-us et al., 2013; Scopelliti et al., 2016). By promoting a sustainable means of transport and connecting green spaces within a highly urbanized city, bicycle lanes represent an effective tool for associating physical activity with nature in cities allowing bicycle users to benefit from the positive health effects of nature-based solutions. Our study focuses on the potential of bicycle lanes to improve functional connectivity among green spaces. We administered 820 questionnaires in 34 green spaces (i.e., urban parks) in Bucharest, Romania, to identify the factors influencing the use of bicycle lanes connecting urban parks and to understand which planning criteria for bicycle lanes are considered as the most important by park visitors. We applied binary and ordinal logistic regressions and found that the factors affecting bicycle lane use are illegally parked cars and lack of accessibility to urban parks. The criteria preferred by park visitors for bicycle lane planning are determined by experience level and frequency of bicycle use. To develop a functional and integrated bicycle lane network that can make cities healthier and more sustainable, policy makers are advised to engage in a public participatory process and focus on the needs of bicycle users."
"AB BACKGROUND: In vitro and in vivo studies suggested that polyphenol epigallocatechin 3-gallate (EGCG) in tea may have anticarcinogenic effect on prostate cells, but this protective effect has less been examined in epidemiology studies. We aimed to investigate the association between prostate cancer (PCA) risk and habitual green tea intake among Chinese men in Hong Kong; meanwhile, the relationship with EGCG was also explored."
"AB 'Green Dwarf' coconut is a fruit of great economic interest, since all its components are used, in addition to water, its main component. It is a culture of humid tropics, widely produced in northeastern Brazil, being an important income source for the region. The phenology study of this type of fruit is extremely important, but there are few studies in literature. Regression models, especially nonlinear growth models, can be of great value to understand how fruit growth behaves. The scarcity of works of this nature may be linked to some difficulties in estimating parameters of nonlinear models, such as assigning initial values to the itterative process. Overcoming this difficulty, for regression analysis, linear or not, several steps need to be respected to ensure the validity of information. Much information can be extracted from nonlinear growth models, such as the asynotic value, growth rate and critical points (maximum acceleration point, inflection point, maximum deceleration point and asynotic deceleration point). The aim of this work was to describe the stages of nonlinear regression analysis and to estimate the critical points of 'Green Dwarf' coconut growth curves. After initial adjustments, the only unmet assumption was independence, adding a first order autoregressive term. Again, models were adjusted and all parameters were significant, with both models, Gompertz and Logistic, adjusting well to data, with slight advantage for the Logistic model with better adjustment quality criteria values, with maximum expected LED and LEDKP values of 21.4037 cm and 21.5478 cm, respectively. The x and y axis of critical points were estimated, with values that can help producers to make more objective decisions about the appropriate time to harvest coconut fruits, considering the most diverse uses of this type of fruit."
"AB This study examines the associations between residential urban green spaces (UGS) and self-perceived health and natural cause mortality, applying an intersectional approach across gender, education and migrant background. We used data from the 2001 Belgian census linked to register data on emigration and mortality for the period 2001-2014, including 571,558 individuals aged 16-80 residing in Brussels (80% response rate). Residential UGS were assessed with the Normalized Difference Vegetation Index (NDVI) within a 300 m buffer from the residential address and perceived neighbourhood greenness. Multilevel logistic and Cox proportional hazards regression models were conducted to estimate associations between UGS and poor self-perceived health at baseline and natural cause mortality during follow-up. Residential UGS were inversely associated with both outcomes, but there were differences between groups. The strongest beneficial associations among women were found in the lower educated, regardless of their migrant background. For men the strongest association was found in those with tertiary education and Belgian origin. No significant beneficial associations were found in men originating from low and middle-income countries. Applying an intersectionality approach is crucial to understand health inequalities related to UGS exposure. Further research in different geographical contexts is needed to contrast our findings."
AB Background: Previous studies on the association between green tea drinking and esophageal squamous cell carcinoma (ESCC) risk show inconsistent results.
"AB BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: There is limited information to support definitive recommendations concerning the role of diet in the development of type 2 Diabetes mellitus (T2DM). The results of the latest meta-analyses suggest that an increased consumption of green leafy vegetables may reduce the incidence of diabetes, with either no association or weak associations demonstrated for total fruit and vegetable intake. Few studies have, however, focused on older subjects."
"AB Background: Lymphaticovenular anastomosis is a useful treatment option for compression-refractory lower extremity lymphedema, but its efficacy depends largely on the severity of lymphosclerosis. To maximize lymphaticovenular anastomosis efficacy, it is important to elucidate factors associated with severe lymphosclerosis."
"AB Closed-Loop Supply Chain (CLSC) has become a critical problem due to its effects on various factors including economic motivations, environmental concerns, and social impacts. Moreover, there are coordination tools, such as pricing and advertising, which impact its performance. In this paper, we offer a two-stage approach to model and solve a sustainable CLSC, taking into account pricing, green quality, and advertising. In the first stage, optimal decisions on pricing, greening, and advertising are made, while in the second stage, a fuzzy multiobjective Mixed Integer Linear Programming (MILP) model is used to maximize the total profit, reduce CO2 emissions, and improve social impacts. Suitable solution methods are introduced according to the scale of the problem. For small-scale instances, an augmented epsilon-constraint method is used to solve the problem. For largescale instances, approximations are required, and a Lagrangian relaxation algorithm solves the problem in polynomial time. The performance of the proposed model is evaluated through various numerical examples. The results illustrate the applicability and efficiency of the model, while confirming significant improvements in sustainable objectives under optimal pricing, green quality, and advertising. Besides, the proposed Lagrangian relaxation method significantly reduces the computational time for large-scale instances, with only a 2.308% deviation from the optimal results."
"AB Background: Childhood leukemia is the most common childhood cancer. To date, few risk factors related to predisposition have been identified; therefore, new hypotheses should be considered. Objective: To explore the possible relationship of residential proximity to urban green spaces on childhood leukemia. Methods: We conducted a population-based case control study in the metropolitan area of Madrid from 2000 to 2015. It included 383 incident cases and 1935 controls, individually matched by birth year, sex and area of residence. Using the geographical coordinates of the participants' home residences, we built a proxy for exposure with four distances (250 m, 500 m, 750 m and 1 km) to urban parks (UPs) and urban wooded areas (UWAs). We employed logistic regression models to determinate the effect of them on childhood leukemia adjusting for environmental and socio-demographic covariates. Results: we found a reduction in childhood leukemia incidence at a distance of 250 m from UPs (OR = 0.78; 95% CI = 0.62-0.98), as well as a reduction of the incidence in the Q3 and Q4 quintiles for exposure to UWAs, in the 250 m and 500 m buffers respectively (Q3 (250 m): OR = 0.69; 95%CI = 0.48-1.00; and, Q4 (500 m): OR = 0.69; 95%CI = 0.48-0.99). Conclusions: Our results suggest a possible association between lower incidence of childhood leukemia and proximity to different forms of urban green space. This study is a first approach to the possible urban green space effects on childhood leukemia so is necessary to continue studying this spaces taking into account more individual data and other environmental risk factors."
"AB A significant portion of air pollutions in a city comes from road transport. Shorter travelling distance and less fuel consumption would logically lead to lower emissions of greenhouse gases or particulate matters, thus relieve environmental burdens. In this regard, an appropriate selection of the logistic sequence may contribute significantly to the environment. The logistic sequence for pickup and delivery services are often determined based on decision makers' experience and intuitive judgements. While life cycle assessment (LCA), a well-versed approach, can be used for quantifying the environmental loads, it is often regarded as not suitable for making routine decisions because it takes significant time and resources for data collection as well as expert knowledge for result interpretation. Additionally, the results of LCA studies focus mainly on the environmental perspective and that other decision criteria cannot be taken into account in a single evaluation process. This paper attempts to develop a practical and objective tool, by combining a simplified LCA with the ant colony optimization algorithm, that supports evaluating several decision criteria simultaneously and determining the optimal or near optimal sequence for vehicle routing on pickup and delivery activities. This fit-for-purpose approach enables decision makers to pay attention to environmental impacts during the determination of the travelling sequences. The proposed approach has been successfully performed to identify the optimal solution through benchmarking against other possible sequences, with the aim to reducing environmental impact while balancing other decision criteria."
"AB BACKGROUND There is no consistent evidence for the relationship between tea-drinking and hyperhomocysteine (hHcy). Because tea-drinking habit and hHcy have prevailed in Chinese hypertensive patients, this study aimed to investigate the association between hHcy and tea consumption in patients with hypertension."
"AB Cities face many challenging environmental problems that affect human well-being. Environmental risks can be reduced by Urban Green Infrastructures (UGIs). The effects of UGIs on the urban environment have been widely studied, but less attention has been given to the public perception of these effects. This paper presents the results of a study in Guangzhou, China, on UGI users' perceptions of these effects and their relationship with sociodemographic variables. A questionnaire survey was conducted in four public green spaces. Descriptive statistics, a binary logistic regression model and cross-tabulation analysis were applied on the data from 396 valid questionnaires. The results show that UGI users were more concerned about poor air quality and high temperature than about flooding events. Their awareness of environmental risks was partly in accordance with official records. Regarding the perception of the impacts of environmental risks on human well-being, elderly and female respondents with higher education levels were the most sensitive to these impacts. The respondents' perceptions of these impacts differed among the different green spaces. The effects of UGIs were well perceived and directly observed by the UGI users, but were not significantly influenced by most sociodemographic variables. Moreover, tourists had a lower perception of the impacts of environmental risks and the effects of UGI than residents did. This study provides strong support for UGIs as an effective tool to mitigate environmental risks. Local governments should consider the role of UGIs in environmental risk mitigation and human well-being with regard to urban planning and policy making."
"AB Purpose: To evaluate the safety and efficacy of 532 nm frequency-doubled Nd-YAG green laser for treatment of retinopathy of prematurity (ROP). Methods: This retrospective interventional case series included infants undergoing treatment for ROP with 532 nm green laser between January 2012 and March 2017 at a single tertiary-care referral center. Review of clinical records was done to identify baseline ROP characteristics, procedural difficulties, complications related to the laser procedure and outcome of treatment at >= 1 year of follow-up. Results: There are about 347 eyes of 182 infants were included in this present study. ROP presented in zone I in 76 eyes (21.9%) and zone II in 271 eyes (78.1%). Tunica vasculosa lentis (TVL) was present in 43.8% and pre-existing vitreous hemorrhage in 4.6% of the eyes. 532 nm green laser could be performed as a primary procedure in all eyes, including those with TVL. 322 eyes completed a minimum follow up of 1 year with a mean follow up of 22.8 months (range, 12-54 months). At the last follow-up visit, 298 (92.5%) of the 322 eyes had a favorable outcome. On logistic regression analysis, pre-existing fibrovascular proliferation (p = 0.04) and new-onset fibrovascular proliferation after treatment (p = 0.001) were the most significant independent predictors of poor outcome. Complications encountered were new-onset hemorrhage in 36 eyes (11.2%), anterior segment ischemia in two eyes (0.006%) and cataract in one eye (0.003%). Conclusion: 532 nm frequency-doubled Nd-YAG green laser appears to be safe and effective in the treatment of ROP."
"AB Background Researchers in environmental psychology, health studies and urban design are interested in the relationship between the environment, behaviour settings and emotions. In particular, happiness, or the presence of positive emotional mindsets, broadens an individual's thought-action repertoire with positive benefits to physical and intellectual activities, and to social and psychological resources. This occurs through play, exploration or similar activities. In addition, a body of restorative literature focuses on the potential benefits to emotional recovery from stress offered by green space and 'soft fascination'. However, access to the cortical correlates of emotional states of a person actively engaged within an environment has not been possible until recently. This study investigates the use of mobile electroencephalography (EEG) as a method to record and analyse the emotional experience of a group of walkers in three types of urban environment including a green space setting."
"AB The main purpose of this article to present a comprehensive review of the application of the Structural Equation Modelling (SEM) in the assessment of sustainable and green supply chain management (SCM). In this paper, we systematically identified, reviewed, and categorized the selected papers in various key perspectives, including application area, research problem and study purpose and gap, type of method and technique, name of variables, name and country of authors, related theory, unit of analysis, publication year, number of hypotheses, number of sample and scope, respondents, measure validation, data collection method, and finally, findings and results. The findings of this review study demonstrated that previous works have used the SEM in the field of green SCM. In addition, it appears the manufacturing sector had the highest rank among other sectors. Results report the majority of published papers have used SmartPls and the resource-based theory (RBV) theory achieved first rank among other theories. With 16 records, Journal of Cleaner Production stands out as the most prominent outlet, and scholars published 16 papers in the year of 2016 as the most influential year. According to the findings, we identified the United States with 16 records, as the most prominent country compared to other countries. This review paper proves to be a valuable source of information for readers and practitioners in the field of SCM because it presents useful insights into green and sustainable SCM development and offers a better understanding of the current body of knowledge in these fields. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB The Internet of Things (IoT) is the next generation of internet-connected information communication technologies (ICT). IoT typically integrates supply chain activities to enhance green supply chain performance (GSCP). Since every organization has different IoT capabilities in comparison with other organizations, GSCP can enable supply chain integration activities for enhanced performance. The implementation of an IoT system can reduce the consumption of organizational resources like energy, electricity, and time and can increase the operational speed to gain better logistics and, ultimately, improved supply chain performance. This study has developed and empirically tested the relationship between IoT capabilities, energy consumption behavior (ECB), supply chain integration, green training (GT), and supply chain practices. Such a multidisciplinary relationship has not previously been established in the literature. The proposed study can fulfill the literature gap and opens new horizons for interdisciplinary research. Data used in this study are collected through offline and online survey methods. A total number of 250 out of 400 respondents participated in the survey. Data has been analyzed through partial least square-structure equation modeling (PLS-SEM) technique. The results of this study empirically test the developed model. IoT has a positive effect on supplier integration (SI), and customer integration (CI). Furthermore, SI and CI have a mediating role between IoT and GSCP, and GT has a positive impact on GSCP. It is concluded that the implementation of IoT can integrate CI and SI to increase GSCP. GT and ECB can ultimately improve GSCP. Additionally, the use of technology and GT can motivate employees to save energy and protect the environment to increase GSCP."
"AB Purpose: Experimental studies implicate tea and tea polyphenols may be preventive against breast cancer, but evidence from epidemiological studies has been inconsistent. We conducted a hospital-based case-control study to evaluate the role of tea especially green tea in breast cancer etiology."
"AB Greening the supply chain is an increasingly important concern for many business enterprises and a challenge for logistics management. Critical functions within green supply chain management are internal improvements and selection of green suppliers. This study proposes a novel, hybrid model that addresses dependent relationships between various criteria and the vague information coming from decision-makers. The Decision-making Trial and Evaluation Laboratory (DEMATEL) technique structures the relationships among criteria, thereby constructing an influential network relationship map (INRM). Meanwhile the DEMATEL-based, analytical network process (ANP) method aids in obtaining influential weights of the criteria. Decision-makers may hold diverse opinions and preferences due to incomplete information, differences in knowledge or simply conflicts that are inherent between various departments. This can make it difficult to judge the performance of alternatives. One remedy is to apply a modified COmplex PRoportional ASsessment of alternatives with Grey relations. Next, this is applied to improve each criterion for integration of the performance values obtained in closing the aspiration level from different expert opinions based on INRM. An empirical example using data from a Taiwanese electronics company is provided to demonstrate our proposed method. The results can provide firms with a knowledge-based understanding of the source of some problems, thus reducing the performance gaps and closing the aspiration levels. Finally, there is a discussion on certain managerial implications."
"AB Small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) are increasingly aware of the benefits of closing loops and improving resource efficiency, such as saving material costs, creating competitive advantages, and accessing new markets. At the same time, however, various barriers pose challenges to small businesses in their transition to a circular economy, namely a lack of financial resources and lack of technical skills. The aim of this paper is to increase knowledge and understanding about the barriers and enablers experienced by SMEs when implementing circular economy business models. Looking first at the barriers that prevent SMEs from realising the benefits of the circular economy, an investigation is carried out in the form of a literature review and an analysis of a sample of SME case studies that are featured on the GreenEcoNet EU-funded web platform. Several enabling factors that help SMEs adopt circular economy practices are then identified. The paper concludes that although various policy instruments are available to help SMEs incorporate circular economy principles into their business models, several barriers remain. The authors recommend that European and national policies strengthen their focus on greening consumer preferences, market value chains and company cultures, and support the recognition of SMEs' green business models. This can be achieved through the creation of dedicated marketplaces and communities of practice, for example."
"AB Global warming and the environmental problems arising from it are posing a serious threat to the peaceful co-existence of the human and the natural worlds. The drastic depletion of fossil fuels, in particular, has made it imperative that we find alternative ways of manufacturing that can support upcoming industries without causing further loss or damage to our natural resources. This critical situation has given rise to a pressing need for a cohesive and strategic research that can address the needs of industries while simultaneously ensuring the implementation of environmentally sustainable manufacturing methods. However, the adoption of environmentally sustainable concepts is a challenging task for industries and a thorough, comprehensive and insightful research is essential in order to support and facilitate this task. From the literature available, it can be assumed with certainty that industries are currently making substantial efforts to ensure that their manufacturing-related operations are as green and as sustainable as possible. The literature review contained in this paper endeavours to assess, from a global perspective, the various challenges that hinder these efforts while bearing in mind the positive trend in industrial operations. It may also be worth noting that there are not much research so far on green concept in sustainable manufacturing and this paper adds value to the existing research by focusing on this hitherto neglected area."
"AB The researches on environmental and sustainability are an active topic, especially in the waste management. As such, the hazardous waste optimization is an active research topic in developing countries which may be integrated with carbon emissions and green subjects. This grand challenge motivates the current research to contribute a new multi-objective optimization model to address the green hazardous waste location-routing problem. The proposed multi-objective optimization model establishes four objectives simultaneously for the first time. In addition to the total cost and the greenhouse gas emissions of the transportation systems as the two main objectives, another objective function aims to minimize the risk of transportation of the hazardous waste alongside the waste residue associated with the people's exposure around transportation paths. Furthermore, the total risk linked with the population in a certain radius around the treatment and disposal centers is minimized As the proposed model is complex with conflicting objectives, several multi-objective decision making (MODM) tools are employed and compared with each other based on different test problems associated with an industrial example. Based on the solution quality and the computational time, the technique for the order of preference by similarity to the ideal solution (TOPSIS) is selected as the strongest technique to assess the performances of all five MODM methodologies."
"AB This cross-sectional study aimed to investigate the association between hyperuricemia and the frequency of coffee, tea, and soft drink consumption, based on data from the Korean Genome and Epidemiology Study (KoGES) (2004-2016). We used the KoGES health examinee data, obtained from urban residents aged >= 40 years. Information on the participants' medical history, nutrition (total calorie, protein, fat, and carbohydrate intake), frequency of alcohol consumption, smoking status, household income, and frequency of coffee/green tea/soft drink intake was collected. A logistic regression model was used to analyze the data. Subgroup analyses were performed according to the participant's age and sex. Among 173,209 participants, there were 11,750 and 156,002 individuals with hyperuricemia and non-hyperuricemia controls, respectively. In an adjusted model, frequent coffee and green tea consumption did not increase the risk of hyperuricemia, compared to the ""no intake"" reference group. However, an adjusted odds ratio of hyperuricemia was 1.23 (95% confidence interval, 1.11-1.35, p < 0.001) for participants who reported consuming soft drinks >= 3 times per day, compared to the respective ""no drink"" reference group. Even after adjusting for nutritional and sociodemographic factors, frequent soft drink intake was associated with an increased risk of hyperuricemia. Meanwhile, neither coffee nor green tea intake was associated with an increased risk of hyperuricemia."
"AB The optimization of the two-echelon logistics delivery and pickup network (2E-LDPN) is a strategical and tactical task which can efficiently be achieved by establishing cooperative alliances. Under the coordination of logistics services providers or logistics facilities of the existing network, high operating costs caused by cross and long distance transportation can be reduced via the inclusive reorganization of the entire network. In order to minimize the total cost, this study simultaneously considers semitrailer truck and vehicle sharing, and establishes a linear mathematical model capable of interpreting real world practices under single or multiple alliances scenarios. An Improved Particle Swarm Optimization (IPSO) algorithm and the Ant Colony Optimization (ACO) algorithm are reasonably combined into a hybrid meta heuristics to solve the cooperative 2E-LDPN optimization problem. This algorithm combines the merits of IPSO and ACO with local and global search capabilities, and redistributes customer zones on the basis of region partitioning solutions in order to rationalize transportation activities. Finally, an Improved Shapley value model is applied to guarantee profits allocation's fairness and is proved reliable in term of alliance stability. Empirical results out of a case study in Chongqing city show that the IPSO-ACO hybrid algorithm is superior to three well-known algorithms on the cost solution and the number of iterations. Using the Improved Shapley value model and strictly monotonic path (SMP) selection principles, optimal adhesion sequences for two alliances and a grand alliance are yielded. The implemented transition from two sub-alliances based network to the grand alliance is in line with real-world's practices and provides decision makers with a useful tool for the design of cooperative alliances. In addition, the proposed cooperation strategy and profit allocation method enable companies to increase cost savings and the logistics network's efficiency. Besides, semitrailer truck and vehicle sharing as feature of collaboration conditional clauses reduces the size of transportation fleets, and promotes greener logistics operations. (C) 2018 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Bicyclists running the red light at crossing facilities increase the potential of colliding with motor vehicles. Exploring the contributing factors could improve the prediction of running red-light probability and develop countermeasures to reduce such behaviors. However, individuals could have unobserved heterogeneities in running a red light, which make the accurate prediction more challenging. Traditional models assume that factor parameters are fixed and cannot capture the varying impacts on red-light running behaviors. In this study, we employed the full Bayesian random parameters logistic regression approach to account for the unobserved heterogeneous effects. Two types of crossing facilities were considered which were the signalized intersection crosswalks and the road segment crosswalks. Electric and conventional bikes were distinguished in the modeling. Data were collected from 16 crosswalks in urban area of Nanjing, China. Factors such as individual character. istics, road geometric design, environmental features, and traffic variables were examined. Model comparison indicates that the full Bayesian random parameters logistic regression approach is statistically superior to the standard logistic regression model. More red-light runners are predicted at signalized intersection crosswalks than at road segment crosswalks. Factors affecting red-light running behaviors are gender, age, bike type, road width, presence of raised median, separation width, signal type, green ratio, bike and vehicle volume, and average vehicle speed. Factors associated with the unobserved heterogeneity are gender, bike type, signal type, separation width, and bike volume."
"AB In recent decades, rapid industrial modernization and economic growth have brought substantial environmental problems such as air pollution, hazardous waste, and water pollution for the Asian emerging economies (AEE), in particular China, Taiwan, India, Malaysia, Indonesia, Thailand, and South Korea. These countries have started to adopt green supply chain management (GSCM) as a strategy to reduce the environmental impact. There are anecdotal evidences that the adoption of GSCM in this region is partly influenced by Guanxi - a cultural norm, which plays a significant role in relationship governance within supply chain activities among the AEE. Based on a systematic literature review, we develop a conceptual framework that characterizes the drivers and barriers for the adoption of GSCM practices, incorporating Guanxi as a moderator in the manufacturing sector of the AEE. The conceptual framework addresses the roles of two types of Guanxi in the adoption of GSCM: the relational Guanxi at individual level based on social exchange theory and the aggregated Guanxi at firm level derived from social capital theory. This recognition of Guanxi at two separate decision levels help companies better manage their relationships while they green their supply chains. Directions for future research and managerial implications are discussed accordingly. (C) 2017 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc."
"AB This work proposes and empirically tests a new framework for evaluating the relationship between stakeholder pressures, the adoption of low-carbon operations practices and firms' carbon performance. It seeks to expand upon stakeholder theory and the natural-resource-based view (NRBV) to understand further the role of operations management in a low-carbon environment. Our theoretical hypotheses were tested through the Partial Least Squares method with bias-corrected and accelerated (BCA) bootstrap confidence intervals. The key findings encapsulate a mixture of expected and unexpected research results: (i) stakeholder pressures influence both barriers and motivators for decarbonising operations management practices; (ii) a variety of barriers and motivators significantly affect the adoption of low-carbon operations management practices; (iii) developing positive relationships with stakeholders is important to overcome barriers from the external environment and enhance organisational competitiveness; (iv) low-carbon operations management has an overall effect on firms' carbon performance; However, unexpectedly: (v) firms seem to face difficulties in understanding stakeholder pressures when developing low-carbon products and logistics, due to a lack of awareness of the sources of barriers to the adoption of low-carbon management practices; (vi) in terms of stakeholders, competitors tend to exert significant pressure towards the adoption of low-carbon operations, while government does not; (vii) more research is necessary to better understand the apparent weak link between low-carbon logistics and firms' low-carbon performance."
"AB Companies can contribute to the achievement of the sustainability goals through their procurement function when they opt for green procurement. In the current paper, the authors focused on the procurement of Forest Stewardship Council (FSC) certified products. Having known that attitudes contribute to the definition of the individual's behavioral model and, thus, of her/his ""green"" choices, the aim of the paper was to investigated attitudes related to the procurement of FSC certified products by people in charge of private company acquisitions. Research results were based on a survey, with a sample of 214 private companies from Romania Results of binary logistic regression analysis indicate that companies that perceive a positive impact of FSC products on forest protection and on company image are more likely to replace conventional wood products with FSC ones when they have a similar price. When FSC products are more expensive than the conventional ones, companies will be more likely to buy them when economic benefits are present, too. From a practical perspective, the findings bring to the forefront the fact that companies can be stimulated to select FSC products at similar price over conventional ones by highlighting the contribution of the former to forest protection and the image benefits that they can bring."
"AB Background: The study aimed to investigate the association between daily consumption of coffee or green tea, with and without habitual bread consumption for breakfast, and components and prevalence of metabolic syndrome in Japanese populations. Methods: The study population consisted of 3539 participants (1239 males and 2300 females). Odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were calculated using logistic regression analyses to evaluate the associations of daily coffee and green tea consumption with the prevalence of obesity, visceral obesity, and metabolic syndrome. Results: Coffee consumption was associated with significantly lower proportions of visceral obesity (OR: 0.746, CI: 0.588-0.947) and metabolic syndrome (OR: 0.706, CI: 0.565-0.882). On the other hand, green tea was not associated with visceral obesity (OR: 1.105, CI: 0.885-1.380) or metabolic syndrome (OR: 0.980, CI: 0.796-1.206). The combination of daily drinking coffee and eating bread at breakfast time was associated with significantly lower proportions of obesity (OR: 0.613, CI: 0.500-0.751) (p = 0.911 for interaction), visceral obesity (OR: 0.549, CI: 0.425-0.710) (p = 0.991 for interaction), and metabolic syndrome (OR: 0.586, CI: 0.464-0.741) (p = 0.792 for interaction). Conclusion: Coffee consumption was significantly associated with lower visceral adipose tissue and lower proportions of visceral obesity, but the same was not true for green tea consumption. Furthermore, in combination with coffee consumption, the addition of eating bread at breakfast time significantly lowered proportions of visceral obesity and metabolic syndrome, although there was no interaction between coffee and bread."
"AB A two-step method was developed to estimate the economically available biomass from forest operations in the Pacific Northwest. Step 1 measures the amount of biomass in piles from a variety of logging operations. Step 2 applies logistics models to determine the amount of biomass that is recoverable by computing the extraction costs depending on the distance from the landing. Cable units included only the biomass piles located at the landings, while ground-based units computed the collection and transport of each pile to the most cost-effective landing using geographic information system and simulation tools. This approach was applied to operations on state and private timberlands in Oregon and Washington. For the cable logging units, the average pile size was 46.7 green tonnes of residue, and this material was either on or next to the roadside landing. It produced few large piles with an average of 24.75 green tonnes per ha. For ground-based operations, approximately 54 percent of the residue in the harvest units was 90 m or less from the landing. Collection cost increases as the material is farther from the landing and ranged between about $17.6 per green tonne at distances of 15.2 m to $37 per green tonne at distances of 213 m from the landing. Depending on the distance from the landing to the bioenergy facility, it is possible to estimate how far from the landing into the forest to reach to economically collect the biomass."
"AB With increasing emphasis on environmental protection, the green vehicle routing problem has been a research hotspot. This paper investigates a mixed-energy fleet green vehicle routing problem with time windows, where the mixed-energy fleet is presented for the situation in which transport companies introduce electric vehicles into their homogeneous fleet with only gasoline and diesel vehicles (GDVs) due to environmental consideration. Since multiple pollutants are emitted by GDVs into the environment, this paper minimizes five dominating types of pollutant emissions. The other objective is to minimize the total delay time, which is defined with a newly designed optimal service period to improve customer satisfaction. To solve this bi-objective NP-hard problem, an improved variable neighborhood search (VNS) with a selection mechanism is presented to find the Pareto frontier of the model. The computational results based on Solomon benchmark show that the proposed VNS with a selection mechanism has better capability and efficiency than the original VNS. Using numerical experiments, we found that delivery with only GDVs can better minimize the delay time in cluster-distributed customers with narrow time windows, while the mixed-energy fleet performs better in both optimization objectives in wider time windows. Our research conclusion can provide a more reasonable decision-making basis of delivery for transportation companies. (C) 2020 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB There has been mounting evidence for the beneficial effect of green space on mental health among adults, but studies on the same topics are lacking for teens in the US. This study aimed to fill in this research gap by utilizing data from California Health Interview Survey (CHIS) 2011-2014. A total of 81,102 households (composed of 4538 teens and 81,102 adults) were retained for main analyses. Surrounding greenness was assessed by the Normalized Difference Vegetation Index (NDVI) within varying buffers of home residence. Survey logistic regressions accounted for sampling weights and design were conducted to examine the effects of greenness on serious psychological distress (SPD), adjusted for major socio-demographic factors, neighborhood socioeconomic status (SES) and co-respondent's psychological distress level within the same household. An inter-quartile increment of NDVI in 350 m buffer predicted decreased odds of SPDs by 36% in teens (OR = 0.64, 95% CI = [0.46, 0.91]). Mediation analyses revealed that this association remained almost unchanged even after adjusting for social cohesion. The NDVI-SPD association of adults was found to be significant only in the older group (OR = 0.81, 95% CI = [0.68, 0.95]). This study is one of the first population-based US studies extending the epidemiological evidence for benefits of green space on mental health from adults to teens."
AB Background: The epidemiological evidence on green spaces and obesity is inconsistent.
"AB Background Exposure to natural outdoor environments (NOE) has been shown to be beneficial to older adults' health and functioning, yet this assertion has rarely been tested in China. We investigated the relationships between exposure to NOE and older adults' self-rated health in Shanghai, China and examined whether these relationships varied by sex, age, education and hukou status. Method This cross-sectional study used micro-data sample of the 2010 Shanghai population census, including 7962 older adults nested within 3345 neighbourhoods. Self-rated health was the outcome variable. Four NOE exposure indicators were calculated for each neighbourhood: the amount of surrounding greenness/blueness and proximity to large green/blue spaces. Multilevel logistic regression was employed to explore the association between natural outdoor environment exposure and self-rated health, adjusting for individual-level and neighbourhood-level covariates. Stratified analyses were used to examine variations by sex, age, education and hukou status. Results Older adults living in neighbourhoods with higher surrounding greenness and higher proximity to both green spaces and blue spaces were more likely to report good health. Residential surrounding blueness was not significantly related to self-rated health. Females, those aged 60-69 years, those who had elementary school or junior high school education and those with non-local hukou benefit more from residential surrounding greenness, and those aged 70-79 years and who had elementary school or junior high school education benefit more from residential proximity to blue spaces. Conclusions Higher residential greenness and proximity to both green spaces and blue spaces were associated with better self-rated health, particularly for females, younger older adults, the low educated and non-local hukou holders. Our findings suggest that urban green spaces and urban blue spaces have different effects on health among Chinese older adults and that the assessment of exposure matters to the investigation of NOE-health relationships."
"AB Rural off-grid renewable energy solutions often fail due to uncertainties in household energy demand, insufficient community engagement, inappropriate financial models and policy inconsistency. Social shaping of technology (SST) of household appliances provides a critical lens of understanding the involved socio-technical drivers behind these constraints. This study employs an SST lens to investigate appliance uptake drivers in 14,580 households in Rwanda, such that these drivers can aid in policy design for green growth at the grassroots level. The methodology includes an epistemological review of non income drivers of appliance uptake. Empirical analysis using a binary logistic regression, based on which disruptive innovation pathways were derived for fostering green growth. Results showed that appliance uptake was highly gendered and skewed across the Ubudehe (social welfare) categories. ICTdevices like mobile phones and radios had a higher likelihood of ownership than welfare appliances like refrigerator and laundry machines. Fans and cookers also demonstrated a greater probability of ownership. Disruptive innovation pathways were derived from leveraging the ICT-driven wave of appliance ownership, creation of service sectors through off-grid renewable solutions and promoting cleaner fuel-switching of cooking energy at the household level. Further policy implications were drawn to support the creation of consumption identities for green growth. (c) 2020 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier Ltd."
"AB The competitive market, the need for customers and the environmental pressures stimulate the search for innovative products. After all, the current state of the planet has been stimulating companies and individuals to pursue practices that contribute to environmental sustainability. In this respect, the topics related to the process of product development, to the management of the green supply chain and to sustainability assume high relevance. Therefore, this study aims to identify the main bibliographical references that deal with integrated product development process (IPDP) models for the green supply chain management (GSCM). This study starts by identifying some keywords and the main academic journals databases. From this search, the study selects the peer-reviewed articles from journals with high impact factor (SJR> 1; Q1), resulting in 9430 articles. Next, the search selects the articles of greater relevance on the studied subject by verifying the titles and abstracts, as well as considering inclusion and exclusion criteria, resulting in 355 articles. These articles were analyzed as to the level of association to the two themes addressed (IPDP and GSCM), classified by area of influence. From the analysis were selected 33 papers considering their relevance and compliance with the analyzed topic (IPDP and GSCM). These articles were read integrally, aiming to report the main contributions in the area, the practical applications and the remaining limitations, being able to serve as a reference for future works. During the analyzes the authors have considered the years of publication, the main journals, key words, countries of origin, as well as the relevance with the research field. From these articles, this study categorized and selected five articles that presented models in accordance with the research target, detailing their contributions and limitations. The differential contribution of this paper was to identify and analyze models that relate or cover the relationship between GSCM and IPDP, which is a shortfall in the integration process between these two areas, specifically related to the ""operations factor"" involving green procurement, green distribution and green manufacturing issues. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Functional response of third-instar larvae of green lacewing, Chrysoperla carnea (Stephen) (Neuroptera: Chrysopidae), to four densities of single-instar larvae of the five instars of obliquebanded leafroller, Choristoneura rosaceana (Harris) (Lepidoptera: Tortricidae), was evaluated at 25 +/- 1 degrees C in a laboratory. The aims were to determine the type and other characteristics of functional response including predatory capacity of green lacewing for possible use in augmentative biological control in apple (Malus x domestica Borkh; Rosales: Rosaceae) orchards where obliquebanded leafroller was recently introduced in Mexico. Abundance of the pest increased rapidly, causing significant foliar damage and some fruit blemish. Third-instar green lacewing larvae based on logistic regression analysis showed Type II functional response to four densities of single-instar larvae of obliquebanded leafroller. Among the five instars of prey, the largest average number consumed per green lacewing predator was a relative density of four second-instar larvae at a rate of 1.93 in 24 hours. Also, substantial average consumption was by two third-instar prey larvae per predator whereby an average of 1.5 third-instar obliquebanded leafrollers were consumed per third-instar green lacewing in 24 hours. The third-instar predator captured and consumed third-instar prey larvae in the shortest handling time (h), i.e., only 6.46 minutes, whereas the handling times for the other instars ranged from 23.48 minutes for the fifth instar to 31.56 minutes for the fourth instar. However, attack coefficients (a) of green lacewings were slightly greater for third-and fourth-instar prey larvae, with 0.19 hour (11.4 minutes) and 0.15 hour (9.0 minutes) until the first attack, respectively, compared to 0.09-0.11 hour (5.4-6.6 minutes) until the first attack for the other instars. Results indicated that the green lacewing could be considered a prospective candidate for use as a biological control agent against lepidopteran leafrollers."
"AB Introduction: Recent research focused on the interaction between land cover and the development of allergic and respiratory disease has provided conflicting results and the underlying mechanisms are not fully understood. In particular, green space, which confers an overall positive impact on general health, may be significantly contributing to adverse respiratory health outcomes. This study evaluates associations between surrounding residential land cover (green, grey, agricultural and blue space), including type of forest cover (deciduous, coniferous and mixed), and childhood allergic and respiratory diseases."
AB Background: Gender differences may contribute to variances in the potential protective effects of tea against cognitive impairment in the elderly.
"AB The sustainability of supply chains is now one of the major global issues due to the vision of the United Nations (UN). By 2030, it is the primary focus of the UN to attain all the seventeen sustainable development goals (SDG). Hence, the primary goal of this study is to examine how practitioners think about sustainable supply chains. Five hypotheses are established to assess the perceptions of supply chain professionals. Forty-two (42) indicators are gathered from the existing literature to establish the survey instrument to collect the responses from supply chain practitioners. Finally, Structural Equation Modeling (SEM) is used to evaluate the mediation effects. It is found that social aspects are significantly impacted by the environmental aspects, as compared to the economic aspects. None of these indicators play any mediation effect, as all three are equally important for the sustainable supply chains."
"AB This paper presents a multiperiod supply chain with freight carriers network model. In this model manufacturers, retailers, and carriers maximize the net present value (NPV) of their investments in ecologically friendly technology. Future production, inventory, transaction, and transportation costs savings are used to help fund investments. The environmental impact of production, inventory, transportation, and consumption of products in the supply chain network are all integrated. The tradeoff between the initial technology investment and its ecological footprint effect is considered for the supply chain planning period. We provide variational inequality formulations of the equilibrium conditions and then propose the modified projection method, along with conditions for convergence. Numerical examples are examined with an analysis of the effects of ecologically friendly technology investments on supply chain network production, transportation, and sales. Published by Elsevier B.V."
"AB This paper studies the optimization of cold chain integrated inventory routing problem while considering carbon emissions. First, the carbon footprint in inventory and transportation process for cold chain logistics is accurately identified and quantified. Secondly, based on the carbon regulations, which are carbon cap, carbon cap and offset, carbon cap and trade, and carbon tax regulations, four green cold chain inventory routing optimization models that minimize the total cost are constructed, respectively. Subsequently, a genetic simulated annealing algorithm (GASA) is developed in order to efficiently solve the models, which combines the advantages of the two algorithms. The effectiveness of the algorithm and the models is verified by numerical comparison experiments. Further, a set of numerical experiments is conducted to examine in detail the effectiveness of each regulation with the change of cap, carbon price, and unit fuel price in order to investigate the difference of these regulations' impacts on the cold chain logistics. The research results show that (a) the cap and price plays a relatively important role, for their value setting may even lead to the invalidation of the regulations and the development of the enterprises; (b) carbon cap and carbon tax regulations are more powerful when compared to the other two regulations, which reduce more carbon emissions, but also pose more challenge to the enterprises' economic development; (c) overall, cap and trade regulation is better than cap and offset regulation, because, when the cap is not sufficient, the two regulations are almost as good, but when the cap is sufficient, the offset policy is invalid; and, (d) unlike the traditional logistics, the increase of unit fuel price will not reduce carbon emissions. Several practical managerial implications for government and enterprises are also provided based on research results."
"AB This study presents a novel approach to solve the vehicle routing problem by focusing on greenhouse gas emissions and fuel consumption aiming to mitigate adverse environmental effects of transportation. A time-dependent model with time windows is developed to incorporate speed and schedule in transportation planning. The model considers speed limits for different times of the day in a realistic delivery context. Due to the complexity of solving the model, a graph transformation approach is proposed to reduce the complexity of the problem. By means of several steps, the problem is transformed into a vehicle routing problem without time windows. In this way, we can reduce the complexity of the problem. Our method can be used in practice to decrease fuel consumption and greenhouse gas emissions, while total cost is also controlled to some extent. Finally, future research directions and conclusion remarks are provided."
"AB Natural environments have been associated with mental health benefits, but globally access to these benefits is threatened by urban development and densification. However, it remains unclear how natural environments relate to mental health and how consistent the association is across populations. Here we use a life-course approach with a population consisting of 66 194 individuals from the Danish Blood Donor Study (DBDS) to investigate the association between green and blue space (e.g. parks and lakes) and self-evaluated mental well-being. Green and blue space was identified from remotely-sensed images from the Landsat program, while mental well-being was based on the mental component score (MCS) calculated using the 12-item short form health survey. We use multivariate linear regression models and logistic regression models to quantify the as-sociations. We adjust for additional environmental (urbanization, and air pollution) and lifestyle factors (smoking, body mass index, socioeconomic status, and physical activity) and specifically evaluate the role of physical activity and air pollution as possible mediating factors. We found a positive association between the MCS and current and childhood green space, and a non-significant association for current and childhood blue space. Adjusting for environmental and the other factors attenuated the effect sizes indicating that a broad range of factors determine mental well-being. Physical activity and air pollution were both associated with the MCS as possible mediators of green space associations. In addition, the odds for successfully completing tasks', seeing others, and feeling less downhearted increased with higher levels of green space, and the odds of feeling calm increased with higher levels of blue space. In conclusion, we found support for an association between green and, to less degree, blue space and mental well-being throughout different life stages. In addition, we found a positive association with individual indicators of mental well-being such as being productive, feeling less downhearted and calmer, and being social. The healthy blood donor effect and the bias towards urban residency may explain why we found smaller effect sizes between green and blue space and mental well-being for this generally healthy and resourceful cohort compared to previous studies."
"AB In this article, the VIKOR method is proposed to solve the multiple criteria group decision making (MCGDM) with 2-tuple linguistic neutrosophic numbers (2TLNNs). Firstly, the fundamental concepts, operation formulas and distance calculating method of 2TLNNs are introduced. Then some aggregation operators of 2TLNNs are reviewed. Thereafter, the original VIKOR method is extended to 2TLNNs and the calculating steps of VIKOR method with 2TLNNs are proposed. In the proposed method, it's more reasonable and scientific for considering the conflicting criteria. Furthermore, the VIKOR are extended to interval-valued 2-tuple linguistic neutrosophic numbers (IV2TLNNs). Moreover, a numerical example for green supplier selection has been given to illustrate the new method and some comparisons are also conducted to further illustrate advantages of the new method."
"AB The production, processing, transportation, and consumption of fresh food have a significant impact on the sustainable development of the whole fresh food supply chain. There are relatively few methods and techniques to qualitatively analyze the dynamic driving factors of fresh food sustainable supplychain management (SSCM). To solve this problem, this paper first sorts out the drivers dimensions and specific impact indicators of fresh food SSCM through the literature. Then, the integration of rough set theory and decision laboratory analysis reveals the internal strength, external connection, and comprehensive influence degree, while the prominence and relation of the driving factors are tested which reflects their priority. The results show that the competitiveness of the supply chain, food security, and strategic are the main driving factors of SSCM. Attention should be paid to green technology, product design, and green logistics. The creation and distribution of added value, as well as food security management, should be improved."
"AB In this paper, we proposed a color image encryption scheme based on chaos and Customized Globally Coupled Map Lattices, which is firstly brought out by our research group. The presented algorithm consists of four steps. Firstly, decompose RGB image to three channels red, green and blue. A simple but useful logistic map is used to generate a key image that has the same size with the original image. Secondly, regard the red channel, green channel, blue channel and the key image as a whole image, then shuffle this image. After that, segment shuffled image to four same size images, named A, B, C and D. Finally, conduct the confusion operations and then choose one image as key image from these four parts. Combine the rest three parts, cipher image is obtained. Experimental results and data analysis demonstrate that the proposed algorithm has the strong capacity of resisting typical attacks and the good security."
"AB High hopes are put in electric vehicles to lower global green house gas emissions. From an operational perspective, however, their limited range and the long recharging times add considerable complexity to the decision tasks planning their efficient application. In this context, we treat a problem setting where a single electric vehicle executes transport requests along a straight line, which, for instance, occurs when cranes, automated guided vehicles, or shuttles handle boxes in container terminals. From time to time the vehicle needs to be recharged and, thus, has to visit some charging station also located on the line. We investigate the scheduling of a single electric vehicle, so that the makespan for executing all transport requests is minimized and the vehicle is timely recharged. The solution algorithm developed is then applied to also explore the location planning of charging stations."
"AB Viruses that express reporter genes upon infection have been recently used to evaluate neutralizing antibody responses, where a lack of reporter expression indicates specific virus inhibition. The traditional model-based methods using standard outcome of percent neutralization could be applied to the data from the assays to estimate antibody titers. However, the data produced are sometimes irregular, which can yield meaningless outcomes of percent neutralization that do not fit the typical curves for immunoassays, making automated or semi-high throughput antibody titer estimation unreliable. We developed a type of new outcomes model, which is biologically meaningful and fits typical immunoassay curves well. Our simulation study indicates that the new response approach outperforms the traditional response approach regardless of the data variability. The proposed new response approach can be used in similar assays for other disease models."
"AB Enhancing social and economic effects along with reducing environmental effect has gained significant consideration in reverse logistics network design. Electronic waste management raises serious concerns due to its increasing quantity and hazardous nature in global business. The developed model is a multi objective reverse logistics network for electronic waste management, and the concept of the triple bottom line approach has been considered in the proposed study. The suggested study makes a trade-off between conflicting objectives. The research considers first customers, collection centers, distribution centers, second customers, and reprocessing units consisting of return evaluation centers, recycling centers and refurbishing centers. The carbon cap-and-trade policy has also been incorporated into the model. The objectives of the formulated model are to maximize the profit and minimize the carbon emissions as well as maximizing the job opportunities in a reverse logistics network. To deal with the uncertainty, neutrosophic optimization has been applied to avoid unrealistic modeling. A related numerical example has been performed and the results show that the transportation cost contributes to the major fraction of the total cost. The reprocessing at the return evaluation and recycling centers are the main source of carbon emissions. Sensitivity analysis has also been conducted to assess the application of the proposed model. It shows that a drastic increase of 42.6% occurs in the profit value when the per-unit carbon trading price is increased by 40% and vice-versa. Also, a variation is seen in the parameters like carbon emissions at recycling center with a change in total emissions value and the average number of units processed by one worker at return evaluation center with a variation in the number of job creation value. (c) 2020 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Purpose: The increase in social awareness, politics and environmental regulation, the scarcity of raw materials and the desired ""green"" image, are some of the reasons that lead companies to decide for implement processes of Reverse Logistics (RL). At the time when incorporate new RL processes as key business processes, new and important decisions need to be made. Identification and knowledge of these decisions, including the information available and the implications for the company or supply chain, will be fundamental for decision-makers to achieve the best results. In the present work, the main types of RL decisions are identified."
"AB The paper aims to present a multi-product, multi-stage, multi-period, and multi-objective, probabilistic mixed-integer linear programming model for a sustainable forward and reverse logistics network problem. It looks at original and return products to determine both flows in the supply chain-forward and reverse-simultaneously. Besides, to establish centres of forward and reverse logistics activities and make a decision for transportation strategy in a more close-to-real manner, the demand is considered uncertain. We attempt to represent all major dimensions in the objective functions: First objective function is minimizing the processing, transportation, fixed establishing cost and costs of CO(2)emission as environmental impacts. Furthermore, the processing time of reverse logistics activities is developed as the second objective function. Finally, in the third objective function, it is tried to maximize social responsibility. Indeed, a complete sustainable approach is developed in this paper. In addition, this model provides novel environmental constraint and social matters in the objective functions as its innovation and contribution. Another contribution of this paper is using probabilistic programming to manage uncertain parameters. Moreover, a non-dominated sorting genetic algorithm (NSGA-II) is configured to achieve Pareto front solutions. The performance of the NSGA-II is compared with a multi-objective particle swarm optimization (MOPSO) by proposing 10 appropriate test problems according to five comparison metrics using analysis of variance (ANOVA) to validate the modeling approach. Overall, according to the results of ANOVA and the comparison metrics, the performance of NSGA-II algorithm is more satisfying compared with that of MOPSO algorithm."
"AB The introduction of Electric Vehicles (EVs) in modern fleets facilitates a shift towards greener road transportation practices. However, the driving ranges of EVs are limited by the duration of their batteries, which raises some operational challenges. This paper discusses the Location Routing Problem with a Constrained Distance (LRPCD), which is a natural extension of the Location Routing Problem when EVs are utilized. A fast multi-start heuristic and a metaheuristic are proposed to solve the LRPCD. The former combines biased-randomization techniques with the well-known Tillman's heuristic for the Multi-Depot Vehicle Routing Problem. The latter incorporates the biased-randomized approach into the Variable Neighborhood Search (VNS) framework. A series of computational experiments show that the multi-start heuristic is able to generate good-quality solutions in just a few seconds, while the biased-rendomized VNS metaheuristic provides higher-quality solutions by employing more computational time. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB The pollution-routing problem (PRP) is a recently introduced green vehicle routing problem in the field of green logistics. It concerns routing a number of vehicles to serve a set of geographically dispersed customers within their time windows, jointly with determining their speed on each arc so as to minimize fuel and driving costs. Because of its complexity, all known solution methods are based on (meta-) heuristics. This paper presents an exact solution based on a branch-and-price algorithm for a variant of the PRP. The master problem is a set-partitioning problem, and the pricing problem is a speed-and start-time elementary shortest path problem with resource constraints, in which the speed and start time at the depot needs to be decided on for each individual route. The master problem is solved by means of column generation, and a tailored labeling algorithm is used to solve the pricing problem. New dominance criteria are developed to discard unpromising labels by exploiting the structure of the ready time and the fuel consumption functions. Extensive computational experiments show the value of the proposed algorithm."
"AB Purpose - Under the carbon regulation mechanism, managing operational strategies is a challenging task. Green innovation is introduced into a hybrid system of manufacturing and remanufacturing to handle the carbon emission constraints in a dynamic market environment. This paper aims to investigate the joint dynamic green innovation policy and pricing strategies in a hybrid manufacturing and remanufacturing system."
"AB Globalized supply chains, volatile energy and material prices, increased carbon regulations and competitive marketing pressure for environmental sustainability are driving supply chain decision makers to reduce carbon emissions. Enterprises face the necessity and the challenge of implementing strategies to reduce their supply chain environmental impact in order to remain competitive. One of the most important strategic issues in this context is the configuration of the logistics network. The decision concerning the design of an optimal network of the supply chain plays a vital role in determining the total carbon footprint across the supply chain and also the total cost. Therefore, the logistics network should be designed in a way that it could reduce both the cost and the carbon footprint across the supply chain. In this context, this research proposes a quantitative optimization model for integrated forward-reverse logistics with carbon-footprint considerations, by integrating the carbon emission into a quantitative operational decision-making model with regard to facility layout decisions. The proposed research incorporates carbon emission parameters with various decision variables and modifies traditional integrated forward/reverse logistics model into decision-making quantitative operational model, minimizing both the total cost and the carbon footprint. The proposed model investigates the extent to which carbon reduction requirements can be addressed under a particular set of parameters such as customer demand, rate of return of products etc., by selecting proper policy as an alternative to the costly investment in carbon-reducing technologies. To solve the quantitative model, this research implements a modified and efficient forest data structure to derive the optimal network configuration, minimizing both the cost and the total carbon footprint of the network. A comparative analysis shows the outperformance of the proposed approach over the conventional Genetic Algorithm (GA) for large problem sizes. (C) 2015 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB Recent developments in business network have heightened the need for the issue of cost reduction while increasing the productivity. Supply chain network is a fundamental property of industrial practitioners and researchers. Achieving a practical objective, this research study has an attempt to enhance the efficiency of a supply chain by considering simultaneous pick up and split delivery. This attempt would result in total costs minimization and customer service maximization in the form of multi-products and multi-period. In addition, environmental aspect of this system is considered as well as green vehicle routing problem (GVRP). We propose a mixed-integer linear programming model by a e-constraint approach. This study not only utilizes exact method from GAMS software, but also employs four hybrid and meta-heuristics including GAKA, GAPSO, SA and RDA to develop and evaluate the solutions. In addition, the validation of model is presented for a real-life data. Besides, a case study has been done in order to accumulate the parameters data. This case study is utilized in a food industry located in the north of Iran. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Sharing express boxes is an effective disposal method for obsolete express packages. Its appearance also represents an unstoppable trend in the development of green logistics. This paper takes the sharing express box as research object and conducts two-stage research. In the first stage, the collaborative consumption theory and calculus are used to analyze the economic benefits that sharing express boxes bring to operators, that is, to demonstrate the feasibility of this business model from an economic perspective. In the second stage, the design of the overlay network is studied from the management science perspective. Firstly, an optimal coverage model is established considering the characteristics of the sharing express box, and cleaning costs, relocation costs, etc. are all integrated into the model. Secondly, the genetic algorithm is used to solve the model. A numerical example is described to illustrate the feasibility of the proposed method. In addition, sensitivity analysis investigates the effect of hub coverage change on the results. Finally, the theoretical guidance gained from this paper can be beneficial to the sustainable development of sharing express boxes."
"AB In Germany, the substitution of green electricity (GE) from renewable energy sources for nuclear and fossil electricity is politically intended, yet the demand for GE remains limited. This article provides empirical insight into factors influencing the decision of German small-and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) to adopt GE. Potentially relevant factors are identified through a review of the previous literature and investigated using logit model analyses based on a large-scale survey of German SMEs regarding GE adoption."
"AB Three whole stand equations were evaluated for best prediction performance of loblolly pine volume and green weight in three physiographic regions of the Western Gulf through age 15 using remeasured permanent research plots from a spacing study. The equations evaluated are two nonlinear forms of the Schumacher yield equation that predict yield from dominant height, stand basal area, and age with or without stand tree density, and a logistic parameterization of the Chapman-Richards equation that uses only basal area and age. The nonlinear form of the Schumacher yield equations (Equations 2 and 3) performed better than the Chapman-Richards model (Equation 4), indicating a more appropriate mathematical model to describe forest yield. The sixfold cross-validation residual standard error for volume prediction in the Lower Coastal Plain, Upper Coastal Plain, and Interior Flatwoods was 109, 179, and 71 cubic feet per acre, respectively. The residual standard error of green weight prediction for the Lower Coastal Plain, Upper Coastal Plain, and Interior Flatwoods was 4, 2, and 3 tons per acre, respectively. The presented whole stand yield models provide physiographic region-specific estimates of yield for genetically improved loblolly pine under intensive management regimes."
"AB The microbiological sanitary quality and safety of leafy greens and strawberries were assessed in the primary production in Belgium, Brazil, Egypt, Norway and Spain by enumeration of Escherichia coli and detection of Salmonella, Shiga toxin-producing E. coli (STEC) and Campylobacter. Water samples were more prone to containing pathogens (54 positives out of 950 analyses) than soil (16/1186) and produce on the field (18/977 for leafy greens and 5/402 for strawberries). The prevalence of pathogens also varied markedly according to the sampling region. Flooding of fields increased the risk considerably, with odds ratio (OR) 10.9 for Salmonella and 7.0 for STEC. A significant association between elevated numbers of generic E. coli and detection of pathogens (OR of 2.3 for STEC and 2.7 for Salmonella) was established. Generic E. coli was found to be a suitable index organism for Salmonella and STEC, but to a lesser extent for Campylobacter. Guidelines on frequency of sampling and threshold values for E. coli in irrigation water may differ from region to region."
"AB Inspired by a circular economy paradigm, an evolving momentum of policies and legislations aims to close the loop of product lifecycles through improved level of recycling, remanufacturing, and reuse, with the objective of adding value to the economy while not endangering the environment. However, the trade-off between the environmental and economic sustainability of designing business processes is inevitable. To address this trade-off in the supply chain context, competing objectives regarding both cost minimization and reduction in carbon emission should be simultaneously considered and integrated into a comprehensive model. This complexity is however elevated when uncertainty of demand is taken into consideration. In this study, the design of a closed-loop supply chain is investigated where competing objectives of cost and sustainability of supply chain operations are evaluated under demand uncertainty. Augmented Weighted Tchebycheff (AWT) and e-constraint methods are employed to address the multi-objectivity of the problem while a robust optimization approach is applied to deal with the demand uncertainty. The results confirm that the proposed approach provides efficient solutions for designing a green closed-loop supply chain network."
AB Purpose Green supply chain management (GSCM) and the circular economy (CE) overlap but also differ. The purpose of this paper is to clarify linkages between these two concepts. It identifies mutual theory applications used to study GSCM and CE.
"AB The field of Green Supply Chain Management (GSCM) has recently gained considerable attention from both academics and practitioners. This has caused an exponential growth in the number of publications related to different aspects of sustainability in the supply chain. This study aims to show information processing and management techniques, to reveal the evolution of a field over time and identify directions for future research. In particular, this paper is intended to provide a systematic literature review using citation network and the analysis of words in titles and author keyword through burst detection algorithm. Crossing the results of the citation network and burst detection algorithm it was possible to monitor the evolution of the sustainability drivers and to identify the necessity of new key performance indicators of sustainability, able to integrate the economic, environmental and social dimensions, internally within the organization, and externally among the supply chain partners. The contribution of this study lies in the adoption of a blind methodology to analyze theory development which have not been yet applied to the field of GSCM but proved to be useful and promising."
"AB The aim of this study is to quantify the impact of information and communication technologies (ICT) and its technological updates on the success of the green supply chain (GSC) implementation, as well as the benefits this affords. This research is applied to the Mexican maquiladora export industry. A model of structural equations is presented to know the importance of the integration of ICT, combined with the implementation of GSC and the generation of benefits with the use of ICT. The results indicate that there is a direct, positive effect (PE) and significant among the four latent variables (LTV) analyzed but the most noteworthy is the indirect effect that the variable updating the ICT has on the benefits of GSC, through the variable mediators' implementation of a GSC, since the direct effect of updating the ICT on the benefits of the implementation of GSC does not become significant. Whereby, it is recommended that the industry integrates and updates its ICT since, using the integrated and updated ICT and the implementation of a GSC, a series of economic, productive and environmental benefits will be created."
"AB Bioactive components of fruit and vegetables play an important role in scavenging free radicals and protect the body from degenerative diseases. A kinetic study was conducted to quantify the losses occurring in bioactive components, antioxidant activity and changes in colour and firmness of four commonly used vegetables (beetroot, green pea, eggplant and green pepper) during heat treatment (70-90 degrees C). The study revealed that logistic model can predict the variation in bioactive components and antioxidant activity with higher R-2 and lower root mean square error (RMSE) as compared to first order model due to logarithmic reduction in these properties in the beginning of the process itself. However zero and first order kinetic models were found suitable to predict the changes occurring in colour and firmness respectively during blanching. D, z value, activation energy (E-a), activation enthalpy and entropy were calculated for all measured parameters for selected vegetables in the temperature range of 70-90 degrees C. These finding would be useful in designing thermal processes and related calculations for these vegetables."
"AB Background: Evidence is emerging that poor mental health is associated with the environmental exposures of surrounding green, air pollution and traffic noise. Most studies have evaluated only associations of single exposures with poor mental health."
"AB Green public procurement (GPP) is one of the crucial environmental policy tools for sustainability. Although GPP has been implemented in many developing countries, its performance is in urgent need of improvement. This study focuses on the perspective of procurement officials' knowledge and develops a new conceptual model with direct and moderating effects to explore factors that may affect Chinese procurement officials' GPP performance. Using data collected from 139 Chinese local government officials and employing hierarchical regression analysis, this study finds that procurement officials' awareness of GPP implementation policies exerts a positive, direct impact on their GPP performance. Procurement officials' receiving GPP training and working in local governments included in a mature China national sustainable community (CNSC) program can positively moderate the relationships between their awareness of GPP implementation policies and GPP performance. However, awareness of GPP-related regulations does not have the same effect. Meanwhile, even the mature CNSC program cannot exert a positive, direct impact on GPP performance. This study deepens the research on influence factors of GPP performance, the policy implications can be useful for policymakers in China and other developing countries."
"AB There is a need for the dairy supply chain to improve its environmental performance. Intermodal rail-road transportation can be a way to reduce CO(2)emissions. However, despite technological innovations in the realm of cooling technology, which could enable a shift to intermodal transportation, the use of intermodal rail-road in the dairy supply chain is still low. A blueprint is needed to foster the application of intermodal transportation in the sector. Literature provides little guidance in this sense. Therefore, this paper investigates how to ease the shift to intermodal rail-road transportation in the dairy supply chain through multiple case studies, performed at different stages of the supply chain. A set of enablers of the shift is discussed, along with a blueprint for innovative technology, and logistics and business models. The plan takes into account all the actors of the dairy industry, as well as other players, i.e. technology providers, academia and institutions. This paper enriches literature, thanks to its multi-stage research, providing managers with a practical tool to support the shift to intermodal transportation in the dairy industry. The main limitations lay in the choice of the sample, i.e. only Italian companies and no small retailers and farmers have been involved."
"AB In this paper, we studied the following Caputo fractional difference boundary value problem (FBVP): Delta(nu)(C) y(t) = -f(t + nu-1, y(t + nu - 1)), y(nu - 3) = Delta y(b + nu) = Delta(2)y(nu - 3) = 0, where 2 < nu <= 3 is a real number, Delta(nu)(C) y(t) is the standard Caputo difference. By means of cone theoretic fixed point theorems, some results on the existence of one or more positive solutions for the above Caputo fractional boundary value problems are obtained."
"AB Speed optimization of liner vessels has significant economic and environmental impact for reducing fuel cost and Green House Gas (GHG) emission as the shipping over maritime logistics takes more than 70% of world transportation. While slow steaming is widely used as best practices for liner shipping companies, they are also under the pressure to maintain service level agreement (SLA) with their cargo clients. Thus, deciding optimal speed that minimizes fuel consumption while maintaining SLA is managerial decision problem. Studies in the literature use theoretical fuel consumption functions in their speed optimization models but these functions have limitations due to weather conditions in voyages. This paper uses weather archive data to estimate the real fuel consumption function for speed optimization problems. In particular, Copernicus data set is used as the source of big data and data mining technique is applied to identify the impact of weather conditions based on a given voyage route. Particle swarm optimization, a metaheuristic optimization method, is applied to find Pareto optimal solutions that minimize fuel consumption and maximize SLA. The usefulness of the proposed approach is verified through the real data obtained from a liner company and real world implications are discussed. (C) 2017 The Author(s). Published by Elsevier Ltd."
"AB Logistics in urban areas are currently suffering a radical transformation due to increasing population concentration and the massive use of cars as the preferred transport mode. These issues have resulted in higher pollution levels in urban environments and traffic congestion, impacting the world globally. Facilitating the use of sustainable transport modes is widely regarded as a necessity to cope with these adverse effects on citizens' life quality. Hence, some regions, such as the European Union, are encouraging bus transport firms to make their business models more environmentally and socially sustainable. The aim of this research is thus to explore how technological innovations adopted by urban bus companies can improve cities' sustainability. With this in mind, a combined Importance Performance Analysis (IPA)-Analytic Hierarchy Process (AHP) method was applied. In this way, their environmental and social sustainability effects were separately represented through hierarchical structures. Subsequently, the importance and performance ratings of technological innovations in each sustainability dimension were estimated, and thus two IPA grids were generated. These grids support managers in the establishment of more effective action plans to improve logistics sustainability in cities. The findings also provide guidance to governments on the technological innovations that should be promoted in future urban mobility plans."
"AB Aggregation operators are fundamental concept for information fusion in real-life problems. Many researchers developed aggregation operators for multi-criteria decision-making (MCDM) under uncertainty. Unfortunately, the existing operators can be utilized under strict limitations and constraints. In this manuscript, we focused on new prioritized aggregation operators which remove the strict limitations of the existing operators. The addition of reference parameters associated with membership and non-membership grades in the linear Diophantine Fuzzy sets provide a robust modeling for MCDM problems. The primary objective of this manuscript is to introduce new aggregation operators for modeling uncertainty by using linear Diophantine Fuzzy information. For this objective we develop aggregation operators (AO) namely, ""linear Diophantine Fuzzy prioritized weighted average"" (LDFPWA) operator and ""linear Diophantine Fuzzy prioritized weighted geometric"" (LDFPWG) operator. Certain essential properties of new prioritized AOs are also proposed. A secondary objective is to discuss a practical application of third party reverse logistic provider (3PRLP) optimization problem. The efficiency, superiority, and rationality of the proposed approach is analyzed by a numerical example to discuss 3PRLP. The symmetry of optimal decision and ranking of feasible alternatives is followed by a comparative analysis."
"AB Electric vehicles (EVs) are considered as a feasible alternative to traditional vehicles. Few studies have addressed the impacts of policies supporting EVs in urban freight transport. To cast light on this topic, we established a framework combining an optimization model with economic analysis to determine the optimal behavior of an individual delivery service provider company and social impacts (e.g., externalities and welfare) in response to policies designed to support EVs, such as purchase subsidy, limited access (zone fee) to congestion/low-emission zones with exemptions for EVs, and vehicle taxes with exemptions for EVs. Numerical experiments showed that the zone fee can increase the company's total logistics costs but improve the social welfare. It greatly reduced the external cost inside the congestion/low-emission zone with a high population, dense pollution, and heavy traffic. The vehicle taxes and subsidy were found to have the same influence on the company and society,, although they have different effects with low tax/subsidy rates because their different effects on vehicle routing plans. Finally, we performed a sensitivity analysis. Local factors at the company and city levels (e.g., types of vehicle and transport network) are also important to designing efficient policies for urban logistics that support EVs."
"AB This study explores the associated factors for multiple-threats and near-miss incidents resulting from drivers yielding right-of-way at signalized midblock crosswalks. It utilized observational survey data collected from 15 crosswalks located in Las Vegas, Nevada. The study sites are signalized with yellow flash-based signals. The descriptive analysis revealed that 5.61% and 1.56% of all 3976 driver-pedestrian interactions were multiple-threat and near-miss incidents, respectively. Due to the rarity of the events, traditional logistic regression (TLR) and rare events logistic regression (RELR) were applied and compared. The RELR performed slightly better than TLR in modeling near-miss events. The modeling results revealed that the odds of near-miss incident occurrences are about five times higher in the presence of multiple-threat incidents. The common factors associated to a high likelihood of multiple-threat and near-miss incidents are number of lanes, high incoming vehicle speeds, and time taken to yield right-of-way. A narrow-raised median, high vehicle density, and green lights at the next intersection downstream of the crosswalk are associated with an increased likelihood of multiple-threat incidents, whereas near-miss incidents are positively associated with residential land use, inner and outer turning lanes, and night time. These study findings can be used by city engineers and planners."
"AB Urban consolidation centers (UCCs) are presumed to provide more efficient goods distribution in cities and lead to decreased environmental impact and energy usage. There is, however, limited knowledge as to the actual performance of UCCs, and what roles and perspectives the involved actors have in the performance measurement. The overall aim of this paper is to investigate the roles and perspectives of involved actors when estimating and evaluating the performance of UCCs. The article is based on a study of one case that evaluates the performance of a UCC involving several actors. Interviews were triangulated with documents from the case. The results showed that actors have different roles in performance measurements and even if they share a mutual interest in conducting the measurements, they did not share opinions regarding factors such as system limits or performance indicators. The study provides a deeper understanding of the importance of inter-organizational interaction when conducting performance measurements. The study provides additional insights into the roles of the actors and their perspectives in logistics performance measurement that targets energy usage and environmental impact. These aspects are seldom addressed in less complex estimations or mathematical modelling estimations."
AB Purpose
"AB Running the business smoothly for protecting the environment is a significant challenge, on which industries are trying something to do at their level best. Reverse logistics play an important role in system design by reducing environmental consequences and increasing economic and social impacts. Given the recent fluctuations of the market, the production cost and ordering cost are considered triangular fuzzy numbers in this study. Customers' demand is met at the right time, and there is no shortage of items; thus, attention can be paid to two warehouses of a retailer. The setup costs Purchasing costs and deterioration costs of this system are affected by the learning effects, which lead to a decrease in the total cost. Inflation is a significant problem in the market because manufacturing, remanufacturing, and retailers are all affected. This study proposes a reverse logistics system model so that customers can resolve their complaints about defective items and carbon emissions under two warehouses. Numerical results show that the fuzzy model is more economically beneficial than the crisp model, finds that the crisp and fuzzy model saw a difference of 0.34% in total cost. Two numerical examples illustrate this study, and a sensitivity analysis is performed using tables and graph."
"AB The logistics sector is one of the most important domains in the service sector in understanding the increasing scale of business activities along with globalization. Due to the nature of the service sector, where competition is increasingly concentrated, the main objective of firms is the creation of their strategy on competitive advantage in regard with knowing the level of quality of the services offered and the firm's image from the customers' point of view. Trying to adapt to the changing conditions of the market drives firms to integrate their competing areas into their sustainability dimensions (economic, social, and environmental) with the aim of increasing their perceived quality through differentiating their business to achieve a sustainable competitive advantage. The aim of this study is to examine the quality level perceived by logistics service providers in terms of triple bottom line approach and to determine the relationship between them for sustainable competition. In line with exploratory methods, factor analysis was used with the aim of finding out a new scale to the literature about the examination of the relationship between quality perception and corporate sustainability in the frame of competition. In this context, data of 120 logistics service providers were collected and analysed. According to the results, the content of the subject consists of nine factors and 29 interrelated subdimensions. As a result of the research, firms have emphasized on the importance of reaching the competition by expanding their quality perceptions within the scope of corporate sustainability in parallel with the increasing customer demands and expectations."
"AB A cleaner and sustainable environment is becoming a topmost priority for both owners and stakeholders involved in businesses. It could be achieved by adopting better sustainable practices like reduction in waste through process of recycling, recovery and remanufacturing which helps to minimize both the cost and environmental losses. With a recent surge in E-commerce market and online shopping in India there is a need for a more efficient, sustainable and reliable reverse logistics design by including cost, environmental and social factors into consideration. With the factors considered above this paper proposes a multi-objective logistics network model for the return products specifically pertaining to the Indian E-commerce market. The components of this multi-echelon supply chain considered are Customer Markets, Warehouses, Delivery Hubs, Landfills, Incineration Centres and Recycling Centres. The multiobjective optimization is done on the three fronts of sustainability, namely, economical, represented by cost, environmental, represented by environmental impact of different process, and social, which is represented by work days created and lost due to harms at work. Different technologies are considered in delivery hubs and mother warehouse which could result in a more efficient way of transferring and processing products. Weighted goal programming (WGP) technique is used by weighing different objectives to minimize cost, environment impact and maximize the social responsibility. Finally, - model is validated with a numerical example based on an online retail selling clothes. This study will help the managers in deciding the number of facility stores and warehouses needed to open and operate, technology to be adopted for a more efficient way of transferring and processing products. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
TI How does China's green institutional environment affect renewable energy
TI A hyper heuristic for the green vehicle routing problem with
TI Individual and environmental factors associated with green exercise in
TI Environmental effect for a complex green supply-chain management to
TI Intuitionistic fuzzy based DEMATEL method for developing green practices
TI The relevance of green practices worldwide: an overview
"TI MODELLING RELATIONSHIPS BETWEEN AGILITY, LEAN, RESILIENT, GREEN"
TI The impact of relationship quality and supplier development on green
TI MITIGATING EXTERNAL BARRIERS TO IMPLEMENTING GREEN SUPPLY CHAIN
TI A Coordinated Optimization Model of the Complex System of the Green
TI THE EFFECT OF INVERTEBRATE INFESTATION ON GREEN TURTLE (Chelonia mydas)
TI Stochastic reverse logistics network design for waste of electrical and
TI Neural Network for a Novel Disturbance Optimal Control Model for
TI Buyer-supplier collaboration in green practices: The driving effects
TI Planning migrant labor for green sugarcane harvest: A stochastic
TI Integrated forest biorefineries: green liquor extraction in eucalyptus
TI Revisiting green packaging from a cost perspective: The remanufacturing
TI Performance evaluation of reverse logistics in food supply chains in a
TI Economic and environmental assessment of different reverse logistics
TI The association between green space and depressive symptoms in pregnant
TI A hybrid model for analyzing the risks of green supply chain in a fuzzy
TI Peanut Leaf Wilting Estimation From RGB Color Indices and Logistic
TI Municipal Green Purchasing in Mexico: Policy Adoption and Implementation
TI A robust mixed flexible-possibilistic programming approach for
TI Capacitated multi-modal network flow models for minimizing total
TI A nationwide Danish survey on the use of green spaces by people with
TI Investigation of the likelihood of green infrastructure (GI) enhancement
TI A tradeoff model for green supply chain planning: A
TI Health promoting green infrastructure associated with green space
TI Multi-Depot Pickup and Delivery Problem with Resource Sharing
TI E-commerce logistics in supply chain management Implementations and
TI Application of fuzzy VIKOR for evaluation of green supply chain
TI Efficiency and sustainability through the best practices in the
TI OPTIMIZATION MODEL OF COLD CHAIN LOGISTICS COMMON DISTRIBUTION PATH FOR
TI Evaluating the Carbon Emissions Efficiency of the Logistics Industry
TI A Managerial and Behavioral Approach in Aligning Stakeholder Goals in
TI Evaluation of the New York City Green Carts program
TI Reverse logistics in Malaysia: The Contingent role of institutional
"TI Lean, green practices and process innovation: A model for green supply"
TI Effect modification of green tea on the association between rice intake
TI Product architecture modularity implications for operations economy of
TI Minimization of Logistics Cost and Carbon Emissions Based on Quantum
TI Environmental sustainability in container transport: the attitudes of
TI Data to assess the mediation effect of perceived responsibility for
TI Modeling the criteria for selection of suppliers towards green aspect: a
TI Preventive Effect of Residential Green Space on Infantile Atopic
TI The construction project for the exportability and assembly of the
TI Analysis of greenhouse gas emissions in the road freight transportation
TI Tissue texture extraction in indocyanine green fluorescence imaging for
TI Environmentally Concerned Logistics Operations in Fuzzy Environment: A
TI Green dynamic multimodal logistics network design problem considering
TI A review of mathematical inventory models for reverse logistics and the
"TI Adoption of renewable energy sources, low-carbon initiatives, and"
TI Hybrid electric vehicle routing problem with mode selection
TI A p-Robust Green Supply Chain Network Design Model under Uncertain
TI A Comparative Analysis of Carbon Emissions from Transportation and
TI Impact of Enhanced Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) on Firm
TI Designing a multi-echelon reverse logistics operation and network: A
TI Green Supplier Selection Criteria: From a Literature Review to a
TI The Application of Mamdani Fuzzy Inference System in Evaluating Green
TI Residential green is associated with reduced annoyance to road traffic
TI An integrated model for predicting the probability of adoption of green
TI SI-TBL: an integrated lean and green approach for improving
TI Green supplier selection for sustainable development of the automotive
"TI Price premium effect, supply contracts and strategic decision making"
TI Fibropapillomatosis prevalence and distribution in green turtles
TI The Green and Orange Place That Still Rents Movies: Investigating the
TI Sex differences in the association between green tea consumption and
TI Criteria definition and approaches in green supplier selection - a case
TI Carbon neutrality target for G7 economies: Examining the role of
TI Green tea consumption and influenza infection among Japanese employees
TI Pallet Picking Strategy in Food Collecting Center
TI A case-control study of stomach cancer in relation to Camellia sinensis
TI Bioremediation of Contaminated Water with Unnatural Dye using Blue-Green
"TI Green gentrification or 'just green enough': Do park location, size and"
TI Influencing factors of public participation willingness in shared
TI Influence of freight transport purchasing processes on logistical
TI The impact of green supply chain management in small to medium
TI Bioremoval of Malachite green from water sample by forestry waste
"TI Green supply chain management: Pressures, practices, and performance-An"
TI Perceived access to recreational/green areas as an effect modifier of
TI Benchmarking the logistics management implementation using Delphi and
TI An ISM-gDEMATEL framework for assessing barriers to green freight
TI A green-based manufacturing system to solve pallet shortage problems
TI Process simulation and optimization for enhanced biophotolytic hydrogen
TI Implementing environmental sustainability in logistics operations: a
TI Key factors of people's willingness to pay for green buildings in a less
TI A Novel Eco-Biosorbent for Decontamination of Hazardous Dye from Aqueous
TI Towards Sustainable ASEAN Port Development: Challenges and Opportunities
TI Logistic regression analysis of marketability of tomato fruit harvested
TI A new holistic conceptual framework for green supply chain management
TI Identification of population dynamics type of green oak tortrix using
TI Scenario and strategy planning for transformative supply chains within a
TI A Framework to Predict Consumption Sustainability Levels of Individuals
TI Change in time spent visiting and experiences of green space following
TI Prediction of maritime logistics service risks applying soft set based
TI The mediating effects of product returns on the relationship between
"TI A Study on Green Shipping in Major Countries: In the View of Shipyards,"
TI A Case Study of Carbon Emissions from Logistic Activities During Supply
TI Green space definition affects associations of green space with
TI An Integrated Best-Worst and Interval Type-2 Fuzzy TOPSIS Methodology
TI Hierarchical optimization of green routing for mobile advertisement
TI A Hybrid Tabu Search Algorithm for a Real-World Open Vehicle Routing
TI Behavioral and technical perspectives of green supply chain management
TI A location-inventory-routing model for green supply chains with
"TI Associations of Combined Exposures to Surrounding Green, Air Pollution,"
TI FUZZY GREEN VEHICLE ROUTING PROBLEM WITH SIMULTANEOUS PICKUP - DELIVERY
TI Energy Efficient Green Vehicle Routing Problem
TI Implementing environmental practices within the Greek dairy supply chain
TI Willingness to pay: Who are the cheap talkers?
TI Green Transport Chains Analysis: Pollution vs. Price and Time Elements
TI Attracting Green Consumers as a Basis for Creating Sustainable Marketing
TI Robust optimization and modified genetic algorithm for a closed loop
TI Developing a green and bipolar fuzzy inventory-routing model in
TI A service-oriented material management model with green options
TI Carbon emissions and energy effects on manufacturing-remanufacturing
TI The impact of China's trade with economies participating in the Belt and
TI Evaluating challenges to implementing eco-innovation for freight
TI Pentachlorophenol dissipation and ferrous iron accumulation in flooded
TI Socioeconomic Differences in Walking Time of Children and Adolescents to
TI Water security assessment of current and future scenarios through an
TI Identification of practices that facilitate manufacturing companies'
"TI Green Tea, Coffee, and Caffeine Consumption Are Inversely Associated"
TI Operating Performance Effects of Service Quality and Environmental
TI Uncovering the willingness-to-pay for urban green space conservation: A
TI The adoption of green practices by Chinese firms: Assessing the
TI Not out of sight but out of mind: Developing a multi-criteria evaluation
TI A profile of older green tea consumers in the USA
TI Safety analysis of urban signalized intersections under mixed traffic
TI Modelling the relationship between green built environment and
TI Green Streets: Urban Green and Birth Outcomes
TI Restorative benefits of everyday green exercise: A spatial approach
"TI Greener neighbourhoods, healthier birth outcomes? Evidence from"
TI Enabling sustainable energy futures: factors influencing green supply
TI A green profitability framework to quantify the impact of green supply
TI Decision support systems for sustainable logistics: a review and
"TI Association between greenness, urbanicity, and birth weight"
TI Electric Vehicles in Logistics and Transportation: A Survey on Emerging
TI Choice Behavior of the Elderly Regarding Street-Crossing Facility
TI The effect of green shipping practices on multinational companies'
TI The influence of green supply chain management on manufacturing
TI The role of innovation in the implementation of green supply chain
TI Towards green growth and management: Relative efficiency and gaps of
TI Is moving to a greener or less green area followed by changes in
"TI Research on the Measurement, Evolution, and Driving Factors of Green"
TI A decision support system of green inventory-routing problem
TI A Green Closed-Loop Supply Chain Coordination Mechanism Based on
"TI ""Green Marketing"": An analysis of definitions, strategy steps, and tools"
TI Sustainable B2B E-Commerce and Blockchain-Based Supply Chain Finance
TI Green supply chain management in construction': A systematic literature
"TI Evidence of Green Areas, Cycle Infrastructure and Attractive"
TI Smart and sustainable logistics of Port cities: A framework for
TI Color image encryption approach based on memetic differential evolution
"TI Advancements in urban logistics toward smart, sustainable reforms in"
TI Routing with time-windows for multiple environmental vehicle types
TI Resolving forward-reverse logistics multi-period model using
TI Sustainability Integration in Supply Chain Management through Systematic
TI Supply chain cost research: a bibliometric mapping perspective
TI Which Green Transport Corridors (GTC) Are Efficient? A Dual-Step
TI The bright side of consumers' opinions of improving reverse logistics
TI Elimination of a common hazardous dye from aqueous solution by a novel
TI Platooning for sustainable freight transportation: an adoptable practice
TI Environmental goods valuations for social sustainability: A conceptual
TI Analyzing the factors for implementation of green supply chain
"TI A robust optimization approach for multi-objective, multi-product,"
"TI Pollution, carrying capacity and the Allee effect"
TI Considering JIT in Assigning Task for Return Vehicle in Green Supply
"TI Global supply chain integration, financing restrictions, and green"
TI Enhancing firms' environmental performance and financial performance
TI A DEMATEL based approach for investigating barriers in green supply
TI Quality of and access to green space in relation to psychological
TI Green start-up finance - where do particular challenges lie?
TI Logistics and distribution challenges to managing operations for
TI Green manufacturing drivers and their relationships for small and
TI Does sleep grow on trees? A longitudinal study to investigate potential
TI Use of green spaces and blood glucose in children; a population-based
TI Early prediction of the performance of green building projects using
TI Reverse logistics system analysis of a Brazilian beverage company: An
TI Action Mechanism and Model of Cross-Border E-Commerce Green Supply Chain
TI Barriers to green supply chain management: An emerging economy context
TI Characterization of fluorescence patterns exhibited by different adrenal
TI Natural outdoor environments and mental and physical health:
TI Impact of Residential Green Space on Sleep Quality and Sufficiency in
TI Closing the Supply Chain Loop: Reengineering the Returns Channel Process
TI The Electric Traveling Salesman Problem with Time Windows
TI The impact of path selection on GHG emissions in city logistics
TI A Simulated Annealing Heuristic for the Capacitated Green Vehicle
"TI Optimizing inventory level and technology investment under a carbon tax,"
TI Evaluating barriers for reverse logistics implementation under a
TI Relations between Objective and Perceived Built Environments and the
TI Critical Barriers to Implementation of Reverse Logistics in the
TI A Bi-Objective Model on Multiperiod Green Supply Chain Network Design
"TI Inventory management in supply chains with consideration of Logistics,"
"TI Reverse logistics, organizational culture and firm operational"
TI An Application of Fuzzy Integrated Model in Green Supplier Selection
TI An Exact Algorithm for the Green Vehicle Routing Problem
TI A green multi-facilities open location-routing problem with planar
TI Green energy for the battlefield
TI Study of sustainability issues in an Indian logistics service provider:
TI Green Strategic Planning Approach for International Shipping Activities
TI Green supply chain management: A review and bibliometric analysis
"TI No Silver Bullet for De-carbonization: Preparing for Tomorrow, Today"
TI Enhancing the effectiveness of multi-agent cooperation for green
TI Inter-organisational green packaging design: a case study of influencing
TI Drivers' intentions toward green transport in China: Understanding
TI Feasibility study of waste (d) potential: co-digestion of organic
TI The Impact of Institutional Pressures on Green Supply Chain Management
TI Moderating effects of related experience and firm size: will
"TI Intensity of market competition, strategic orientation and adoption of"
TI Does where you live matter to your health? Investigating factors that
TI Use of Quantitative and Qualitative Methods for Modelling Green Supply
TI Evaluation and Selection of Sustainable Strategy for Green Supply Chain
TI Urban green and grey space in relation to respiratory health in children
TI Green logistics oriented tug scheduling for inland waterway logistics
TI Could the service consumption-production interface lift national
TI A Joint Optimal Decision on Shipment Size and Carbon Reduction under
"TI Use of green spaces, self-satisfaction and social contacts in"
TI Developing a decision support system for logistics service provider
TI Utilizing bluetooth and adaptive signal control data for real-time
TI Containers monitoring through the Physical Internet: a spatial 3D model
TI Minimizing the Carbon Footprint of Material Handling Equipment:
TI Mathematical Investigation on the Sustainability of UAV Logistics
TI Inner-city green space and its association with body mass index and
TI Association between caregiver perceived green space quality and the
TI Remote sensing monitoring of green-up dates in the Xilingol grasslands
"TI Reverse logistics network design for product reuse, remanufacturing,"
TI Supply chain management: a review from the logistics and environment
TI Green supply chain planning considering consumer's transportation
TI Simulation of an Urban-Rural Spatial Structure on the Basis of Green
TI The impact of a supplier's environmental management concerns on a
TI Impact of the use of electric vehicles in collaborative urban transport
TI A routing and location model for food waste recovery in the retail and
TI DETERMINING FACTORS ON ENVIRONMENTAL BEHAVIOUR IN BRASILIA
TI Analyses of the reward-penalty mechanism in green closed-loop supply
TI Association between the First Occurrence of Asthma and Residential
TI Modeling a green inventory routing problem with a heterogeneous fleet
"TI Do ISO standards favour logistics provider efficiency, competitiveness"
TI Drivers and value-relevance of CSR performance in the logistics sector:
TI In-Plant Logistics Simulation Model for the Catering Service Industry
TI Integrating the AHP and TOPSIS decision processes for evaluating the
TI The impacts of critical success factors for implementing green supply
TI Greening Chinese chemical industrial park by implementing industrial
TI Residential Links to Air Pollution and School Children with Asthma in
TI Ecological environmental early-warning model for strategic emerging
"TI A sustainable inventory model with controllable carbon emissions,"
TI A study on green supply chain under capital constraint considering
TI The adoption of operational environmental sustainability approaches in
TI Simulation-Optimization Approach for the Logistics Network Design of
TI GREEN SUPPLY CHAIN AWARENESS IN THE HUNGARIAN AUTOMOTIVE INDUSTRY
TI Neighborhood and healthy aging in a German city: distances to green
TI Decarbonizing road freight transportation - A bibliometric and network
TI The Effectiveness of Reverse Logistics: The Empirical Test of Its
TI A game theoretic approach to investigate the effects of third-party
TI Two-stage single period inventory management for a manufacturing vendor
"TI Barriers to ""green operation"" of commercial office buildings"
TI Analysing green human resource management indicators of automotive
TI Association between urban green space and self-reported
TI Indocyanine Green Angiography Use in Breast Reconstruction: A National
TI Optimization of Agri-Food Supply Chain in a Sustainable Way Using
TI Optimization of Logistic Plans with Adopting the Green Technology
TI Interval-Valued Fuzzy Cooperative Games Based on the Least Square Excess
TI A genetic algorithm with exact dynamic programming for the green vehicle
TI Multi-criteria Decisional Approach of the OLAP Analysis by Fuzzy Logic:
TI The physics of radiochromic process: one calibration equation for all
TI A Hyper-Heuristic Algorithm for Time-Dependent Green Location Routing
TI The Impact of China's Tightening Environmental Regulations on
TI Does ICT change the relationship between total factor productivity and
TI Time-dependent multi-depot green vehicle routing problem with time
TI Response of Land Use Change to the Grain for Green Program and Its
TI Potential of Green Diesel To Complement the Brazilian Energy Production:
TI A generic planning approach for sustainable supply chain management -
TI Sex judgment using color fundus parameters in elementary school students
TI A multi-criteria optimization approach to manage environmental issues in
TI Sustainable green supply chain management: trends and current practices
TI The impact of implementing green supply chain management practices on
TI Green product deletion decisions: An integrated sustainable production
TI Examining barriers to reverse logistics practices in the leather
TI Including carbon emissions in the planning of logistic networks: a
TI A robust fuzzy stochastic programming model for the design of a reliable
TI Multi-objective inventory routing problem: A stochastic model to
TI Lean and green supply chain management through intermodal transport:
TI Effect of Inspection Policies and Residual Value of Collected Used
TI Application of Artificial Neural Network as a nonhazardous alternative
"TI Indispensable link between green supply chain practices, performance and"
TI Residential green space quantity and quality and symptoms of
TI Impact Assessment Model for the Implementation of Cargo Bike
TI Green Practices as a Path towards the Sustainability: Evidence from
TI Critical success factors for implementing green supply chain management
TI A model for capacitated green vehicle routing problem with the
TI The accuracy of carbon emission and fuel consumption computations in
TI Development of a green liquor dregs pretreatment for enhanced glucose
TI EVALUATING THE ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACT OF COMPLEX INTERMODAL TRANSPORT
TI A Two-Echelon Green Supply Chain for Urban Delivery
TI A novel multi-objective optimization model for integrated problem of
TI Understanding chromaticity shifts in LED devices through analytical
TI Internal coordination to enable high load factor
TI Supply chain resilience for managing the ripple effect in Industry 4.0
TI No compelling positive association between ovarian hormones and wearing
"TI Model of Determining the Optimal, Green Transport Route among"
TI Impact of intraoperative indocyanine green fluorescence angiography on
TI Integration of decentralized torrefaction with centralized catalytic
TI An integrated CPU-GPU heuristic inspired on variable neighbourhood
TI Green Supply Chain Management: Managers' Perceptions of Barriers to
TI On different formulations of green vehicle routing problem
TI Application of renewable energy technologies for eco-friendly sea ports
TI The electric location routing problem with time windows and partial
TI Value Generation of Remanufactured Products: Multi-Case Study of
TI PERFORMANCE MEASUREMENT OF GREEN SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT: A LITERATURE
TI Designing a green meat supply chain network: A multi-objective approach
TI INVESTIGATION OF LOGISTIC PERFORMANCE OF G-20 COUNTRIES USING DATA
TI Evaluation of the green supply chain management practices: A novel
TI A Simulation Based Restricted Dynamic Programming approach for the Green
TI A Set Covering Model for a Green Ship Routing and Scheduling Problem
TI Multi-Objective Optimization for Green Dual-Channel Supply Chain Network
"TI Green Spaces, Land Cover, Street Trees and Hypertension in the Megacity"
TI A memory structure adapted simulated annealing algorithm for a green
"TI Exploring associations between urban green, street design and walking:"
TI Aquaculture of green sea urchin in the Barents Sea: a brief review of
"TI An integrated revenue management framework for a firm's greening,"
TI Design of Evaluation Scheme for Social Responsibility of China's
TI Long-term exposure to residential green and blue spaces and anxiety and
TI Exploring the Effects of Environmental Factors on the Development of
TI Investigation on a novel sustainable model for waste management in
TI Prevalence and factors associated with the cooperation of arterial
TI Effects of host plant morphological features on the functional response
TI Dimensionality reduction applied to the simultaneous optimization of the
TI Evaluating barriers to green supply chain redesign and implementation of
TI Optimal green supply-chain model design considering full truckload
TI Modeling Reverse Logistics Barriers in Manufacturing Industry of
TI Pricing and greening strategies for a dual-channel closed-loop green
TI Analysis of the Relationship between Asthma and Coffee/Green Tea/Soda
TI The vehicle routing problem with backhauls towards a sustainability
"TI Comments on ""Treatment of malachite green dye containing solution using"
TI Existence of global solutions to chemotaxis fluid system with logistic
TI Case Studies of Sustainable Road Transport Practices in Different
TI Ethnic inequalities in green space availability: Evidence from Australia
TI A novel hybrid MCDM framework for WEEE recycling partner evaluation on
TI The relationship between lean and environmental performance: Practices
TI How does urban green space feature influence physical activity diversity
TI Operational planning of forward and reverse logistic activities on
TI Modelling the land use system process for a pre-industrial landscape in
TI Optimal Manufacturing-Reconditioning Decisions in a Reverse Logistic
TI Assessing the economic value of an iconic urban heritage tree
TI Evaluation of multi-objective optimization approaches for solving green
TI Preharvest temperature affects chilling injury in dessert bananas during
TI A Managerial Analysis of Urban Parcel Delivery: A Lean Business Approach
TI Competitive green supply chain network design model considering
TI The impact of urban land uses on sleep duration and sleep problems
TI An approach to greener overseas transport chain planning in FVL
TI Nanoparticles augmentation on biogas yield from microalgal biomass
TI An empirical analysis of consumer motivation towards reverse exchange
TI Green sourcing practices in Korea
TI Effects of Green Tea Gargling on the Prevention of Influenza Infection:
TI Is living near green areas beneficial to mental health? Results of the
TI Sustainable Plant Layout Design for End of Life Vehicle Recycling and
TI Modelling and Optimization of Biogenic Synthesis of Gold Nanoparticles
"TI Towards sustainability in Xiamen Harbor, China"
TI A heuristic approach for green vehicle routing
TI Follow the money: Do gentrifying and at-risk neighborhoods attract more
TI Neighborhood-Level Analysis on the Impact of Accessibility to Fast Food
"TI Big Data Analytics as a mediator in Lean, Agile, Resilient, and Green"
TI A Bi-Objective Green Closed Loop Supply Chain Design Problem with
TI Greenness assessment of supply chains via intuitionistic fuzzy based
TI Optimization of a Closed Loop Green Supply Chain using Particle Swarm
TI Measures of greenness: An empirical study in service supply chains in
TI Performance outcomes of environmental collaboration Evidence from
TI Towards improved understanding of reverse logistics - Examining
TI Understanding consumer participation in managing ICT waste: Findings
TI Modeling a green inventory routing problem for perishable products with
TI Certifying green buildings in China: LEED vs. 3-star
TI Modeling green supply chain coordination: current research and future
"TI TOWARDS SUSTAINABILITY THROUGH GREEN, LEAN AND SIX SIGMA INTEGRATION AT"
TI Evaluation of the Relationship between Drink Intake and Periodontitis
TI Assessing the impact of urban environment and green infrastructure on
TI Green supply chain coordination with greenhouse gases emissions
TI In Vitro Bile Acid Binding Capacities of Red Leaf Lettuce and
TI Assessing sustainable supply chain enablers using total interpretive
TI Assessment of renewable energy supply for green ports with a case study
TI Modeling a Three-Mode Hybrid Port-Hinterland Freight Intermodal
TI The Short-Term Cost of Greening the Global Fleet
TI The Impact of Green Tea Consumption on the Prevention of Hemorrhagic
TI Residential proximity to green spaces and breast cancer risk: The
TI Factors for Implementing Green Supply Chain Management in the
TI Towards understanding key enablers to green humanitarian supply chain
TI Prioritising the solutions to overcome the barriers of green supply
TI Quality design and environmental implications of green consumerism in
TI Stakeholder pressure in sustainable supply chain management A systematic
TI End-of-use and end-of-life medicines-insights from pharmaceutical care
TI Low carbon supply chain configuration for a new product - a goal
TI Information systems and sustainable supply chain management towards a
TI Research on Environmental Assessment Model of Shipyard Workshop Based on
TI Platelet Count Is More Useful for Predicting Posthepatectomy Liver
TI A Comparison of Regulatory Awareness and Green Supply Chain Management
TI Do green buildings capture higher market valuations and lower vacancy
TI Lean versus green: The impact of lean logistics on greenhouse gas
TI Closing the loop: Redesigning sustainable reverse logistics network in
TI An Application of an Urban Freight Transportation System for Reduced
TI Mobile robots and evolutionary optimization algorithms for green supply
TI An energy-efficient scheduling and rescheduling method for production
TI A fuzzy goal programme with carbon tax policy for Brownfield Tyre
TI Product pricing problem in green and non-green multi-channel supply
TI Low-Carbon Initiatives of Logistics Service Providers: The Perspective
TI Noise Disturbances and Calls for Police Service in Valencia (Spain): A
TI Modeling of binary and ternary batch adsorption systems via
TI A Dynamic Failure Rate Forecasting Model for Service Parts Inventory
"TI Effect of zinc formulations, sodium chloride, and hydroxytyrosol on the"
TI The Selected Method and Tools for Performance Measurement in the Green
TI SVND Enhanced Metaheuristic for Plug-In Hybrid Electric Vehicle Routing
TI The circular economy and circular economic conceptsa literature analysis
TI Reducing transportation greenhouse gas emissions with collaborative
TI Redesign of a sustainable reverse supply chain under uncertainty: A case
TI A Novel Collaborative Optimization Model for Job Shop
TI An evolutionary algorithm for the multi-objective pick-up and delivery
TI Reverse Logistics Network Design of Electric Vehicle Batteries
TI A Bi-Level Model for Green Freight Transportation Pricing Strategy
TI Environmental performance of speed optimization strategies in offshore
TI Optical double color image encryption scheme in the Fresnel-based
TI Guide to multi-objective optimization for the green vehicle routing
TI The Impact of Genotype x Environment Effects on Runner-Type Peanut Seed
"TI Low intakes of carotene, vitamin B-2, pantothenate and calcium predict"
TI Multi-period inventory routing problem under carbon emission regulations
TI Using local knowledge and sustainable transport to promote a greener
TI Reduced prostate cancer risk with green tea and epigallocatechin
TI Evaluation of the critical points of the most adequate nonlinear model
"TI Social inequalities in the associations between urban green spaces,"
TI Very hot tea drinking increases esophageal squamous cell carcinoma risk
TI Fruit and vegetable intake and risk of incident of type 2 diabetes:
TI Factors Associated with Lymphosclerosis: An Analysis on 962 Lymphatic
TI Developing a two-stage model for a sustainable closed-loop supply chain
TI Urban green spaces and childhood leukemia incidence: A population-based
TI Logistic sequencing for improving environmental performance using ant
TI The Association Between Tea Consumption and Hyperhomocysteine in Chinese
TI Perception of Urban Environmental Risks and the Effects of Urban Green
TI Safety and efficacy of 532 nm frequency-doubled Nd-YAG green laser
TI The urban brain: analysing outdoor physical activity with mobile EEG
TI Evaluation of green and sustainable supply chain management using
TI Effect of IoT Capabilities and Energy Consumption behavior on Green
TI Evaluation of breast cancer risk associated with tea consumption by
TI New hybrid COPRAS-G MADM Model for improving and selecting suppliers in
TI Implementation of Circular Economy Business Models by Small and
TI Challenges for implementing green concept in sustainable manufacturing:
TI A Green Hazardous Waste Location-routing Problem Considering the Risks
TI Impact of Coffee/Green Tea/Soft Drink Consumption on the Risk of
TI Two-echelon logistics delivery and pickup network optimization based on
TI Exploring unobserved heterogeneity in bicyclists' red-light running
TI The role of Guanxi in green supply chain management in Asia's emerging
TI Fostering low-carbon production and logistics systems: framework and
TI GREEN PROCUREMENT THROUGH FOREST STEWARDSHIP COUNCIL (FSC) CERTIFICATION
TI Daily Consumption of Coffee and Eating Bread at Breakfast Time Is
TI Economic Estimation of the Available Biomass following Logging
TI An improved variable neighborhood search for bi-objective mixed-energy
TI Green space and serious psychological distress among adults and teens: A
"TI Green spaces, excess weight and obesity in Spain"
TI Residential exposure to natural outdoor environments and general health
TI Disruptive innovation for inclusive renewable policy in sub-Saharan
TI Integrated product development process and green supply chain
TI Predation Capability and Functional Response of Chrysoperla carnea to
TI Influence of residential land cover on childhood allergic and
TI Gender differences in the protective effects of green tea against
TI Supply Chain Practitioners' Perception on Sustainability: An Empirical
TI A competitive multiperiod supply chain network model with freight
TI Optimization of Integrated Inventory Routing Problem for Cold Chain
TI A way to optimally solve a green time-dependent vehicle routing problem
TI A life course approach to understanding associations between natural
TI VIKOR method for multiple criteria group decision making under 2-tuple
TI Identification of Key Drivers for Sustainable Supply-Chain Management of
TI Color image encryption algorithm based on customized globally coupled
TI Scheduling electric vehicles and locating charging stations on a path
TI An improved method for estimating antibody titers in microneutralization
TI Reverse logistics network design of e-waste management under the triple
TI Identification of Reverse Logistics Decision Types from Mathematical
TI A novel sustainable multi-objective optimization model for forward and
TI The location routing problem using electric vehicles with constrained
TI An Exact Approach for a Variant of the Pollution-Routing Problem
TI The joint dynamic green innovation and pricing strategies for a hybrid
TI A carbon market sensitive optimization model for integrated
TI Innovative approaches to design and address green supply chain network
TI An Empirical Study on the Innovation Sharing Express Box: Collaborative
TI Determinants for the adoption of green electricity by German SMEs - An
TI Whole Stand Volume and Green Weight Equations for Loblolly Pine in the
"TI Risk Factors for Salmonella, Shiga Toxin-Producing Escherichia coli and"
TI Carbon-efficient closed-loop supply chain network: an integrated
TI Green supply chain management and the circular economy: Reviewing theory
TI Information processing and management using citation network and keyword
TI Role of Information and Communication Technology in Green Supply Chain
"TI Degradation kinetics of bioactive components, antioxidant activity,"
"TI Associations of combined exposures to surrounding green, air pollution"
"   Results: In single exposure models, surrounding green was inversely associated with poor mental health. Air pollution was positively associated with poor mental health. Road-traffic noise was only positively associated with prescription of anxiolytics, while rail-traffic noise was only positively associated with psychological distress. For prescription of anxiolytics, we found an odds ratio [OR] of 0.88 (95% CI: 0.85, 0.92) per interquartile range [IQR] increase in NDVI within 300 m, an OR of 1.14 (95% CI: 1.10, 1.19) per IQR increase in NO(2 )and an OR of 1.07 (95% CI: 1.03, 1.11) per IQR increase in road-traffic noise. In multi exposure analyses, associations with surrounding green and air pollution generally remained but attenuated. Joint odds ratios [JOR], based on the Cumulative Risk Index (CRI) method, of combined exposure to air pollution, traffic noise and decreased surrounding green were higher than the ORs of single exposure models. Associations of environmental exposures with poor mental health differed somewhat by age."
TI Improving the green public procurement performance of Chinese local
TI Sustainable innovation in the dairy supply chain: enabling factors for
TI Existence of positive solutions for Caputo fractional difference
TI A decision support system for vessel speed decision in maritime
TI On the Environmental and Social Sustainability of Technological
TI Novel Approach for Third-Party Reverse Logistic Provider Selection
TI A framework to evaluate policy options for supporting electric vehicles
TI Exploring the associated factors for multiple-threats and near-miss
TI Roles and Perspectives When Estimating Energy and Environmental
TI Challenges in extending sustainability across a transport supply chain
TI Fuzzy reverse logistics inventory model of smart items with two
TI Analysing the importance of sustainability-oriented service quality in
TI A multiobjective optimization model for sustainable reverse logistics in
