"AB Electric vehicles are environmental transportation modes that are widely applied in green logistics systems. To guarantee the energy efficiency, the impacts of customer service modes and recharging strategies need to be integrated into the optimization of electric logistics resource. This paper proposes an electric vehicle routing problem with mixed backhauls, time windows, and recharging strategies (EVRPMBTW-RS), minimizing the total travel cost with sophisticated constraints on the time-dependent pickup and delivery requests, limited recharging station capacity, and battery remaining capacity of electric vehicles. Mixed service sequences of linehaul and backhaul customers is allocated for the routing planning, with the synchronous optimization of recharging strategies including the selection of recharging stations and determination of recharging time. A time-discretized multi-commodity network flow model is constructed based on an extended space?time-state modeling framework, which is formulated as a quadratic 0?1 programming model by using the augmented Lagrangian relaxation technique. After the dualization and linearized transformation, we decompose the model into a sequence of leastcost path subproblems based on the alternating direction multiplier method (ADMM). The subproblems are alternately minimized and solved using the time-dependent forward dynamic programming algorithm. The solution quality can be guaranteed through calculating the optimality gap between the best lower bound and upper bound for each iteration. The proposed solution approach is examined on examples of a simple 7-node network and real-world Yizhuang road network. This paper provides a theoretical foundation for the route optimization method of electric logistics vehicles, and contributes to improve the operational efficiency of electric logistics systems."
"AB Electric bikes play an important role in the urban transportation system in China. Yellow-light running behavior of riders is one of the most critical factors for e-bike riders involved in traffic crashes at intersection. The main purpose of this study is to explore how a variety of factors affect e-bike riders' yellow-light running behaviors at intersection by a field observation conducted in Xi'an, China. Based on 396 e-bike riders who faced yellow-light samples, two analytical methods, the principle component analysis logistics model and a base logistics model, were employed to evaluate the impacts of contributing factors on e-bike riders' yellow-light running behavior. The modeling results showed that seven variables significantly affect the e-bike riders' yellow-light running behavior, which were the approaching speed of e-bike, the distance to stop line, riders' age and gender attributes, type of e-bike, and the characteristics of intersection including the width of intersection and the existence of physical barriers. This study can provide valuable insights into understanding e-bike riders' yellow-light running behavior and may also help decision makers propose countermeasures to reduce e-bike rider-related crashes at intersection."
"AB Reverse Logistics and Closed Loop Supply Chain Management (RL&CLSCM) are universally recognised as two environmentally friendly practices that could help in greening conventional supply chains. The popularity of these fields of research has led to the evolution of a vast number of publications in the literature. Various journals have so far contributed to the advancement of the field, with the International Journal of Production of Research (IJPR) being one of the most prominent contributed journals. To celebrate the 55th volume anniversary of IJPR, this review study aims to investigate the studies in the area of RL&CLSCM published in IJPR. The paper presents a thorough bibliometric and content analysis of 94 studies that were published in IJPR from 2000 until July 2017. The studies initially underwent a rigorous bibliometric and mapping analysis that helped to identify their characteristics. Subsequently, the contents of the sample papers were evaluated thoroughly. The content analysis led to classification of the papers into two main categories and sub-categories, and then to rigorous identification of the papers' attributes. The bibliometric and content analysis disclosed several research gaps that remain to be addressed in IJPR."
"AB Logistics sector aims to distribute merchandise to designated places on time, while focusing on the entire process that starts from storing the goods at warehouses. Transportation by land is the most common and preferred way in logistics in terms of cost and service. Studies have been going on for drone transportation with the purpose of reducing the service time and making the process automated. Advancement of this technology has led to an increase in transportation with drones. Traffic is a huge problem in land transportation causing delays in delivery time. Furthermore, nature and economy are affected because of the CO2 emission, which is a consequence of intense traffic. In this study, utilizing drones for delivery is proposed with the aim of increasing customer satisfaction and minimizing transportation cost per delivery in a green way. Istanbul's Bakirkoy district is selected as the implementation region, and daily drug delivery to pharmacies with drones is examined. In the first stage, a mathematical model that uses pharmacy coordinates as an input is developed for clustering analysis. In the second stage, one of these clusters is selected, and the location of the drone center that will serve pharmacies in the cluster is obtained by center of gravity method. Then, a vehicle routing model is proposed for finding the drone routes and calculating the total distance travelled within this cluster. Mathematical models are solved with GAMS/CPLEX solver. It is believed that this study will trigger new studies in ""green delivery"" literature in near future."
"AB The most important reason for waste collection is the protection of the environment and the health of the population. Reverse logistics is applied in the sustainable management of municipal waste and is used in the collection, recycling and reuse, as well as the reduction of consumables and environmental compatibility. One of the challenges of sustainable management is costs and customer demand must be considered simultaneously. In this paper, we try to address a comprehensive approach by applying fuzzy mathematical programming to design a multi-objective model for a reverse logistics network. To cover all aspects of this system, we tried to minimize the cost of facility construction, vehicle fuel and environmental damage from the emission of polluting gases, as well as minimize the sum of the ratio of unanswered customer demand to the amount of their demand for all periods, as objective functions of the model. In order to obtain solutions on the Pareto front, a customized multi-objective genetic algorithm (NSGAII) and a customized bee colony algorithm (BCO) were applied. The results of the two algorithms according to the indicators of quality comparison, spacing, diversification and solution time have been compared. The results showed that in all cases, the bee colony algorithm was better able to explore and extract the area to a feasible solution and to achieve near-optimal answers. In terms of spacing metric and resolution time, the genetic algorithm performed better than the bee algorithm."
"AB The environmental consciousness of customers and the emergence of stricter environmental regulations has pushed industries to think about environmental management by means of reverse logistics (RL) implementation. In order to implement RL systems, a careful analysis of barriers that hinder the reverse flow must be taken. However, most existing research on the barriers for RL implementation is focused on developed countries. Among the most important emerging economies, Brazil, the largest Latin America economy, faces challenges such as a deficient logistics infrastructure and the recently enacted National Policy on solid waste. To bridge this gap, this paper identifies and evaluates the barriers for RL in the Brazilian context. An eleven-step research methodology is proposed. First, literature was thoroughly reviewed. fuzzy Delphi method (FDM) was used to obtain the critical list of barriers by experts and industrial managers' opinions. Then, analytic hierarchy process (AHP) questionnaires were answered by electrical-electronic equipment (EEE) industry sector experts in order to obtain the priority ranking of barriers. This paper contributes with a compilation of the RL barriers from a systematic literature review process, a list of most common RL barriers accepted by Brazilian organizations, and a priority ranking of RI, barriers for the electrical-electronic industry sector in Brazil. The ""Economic related issues"" category of barriers seems to be the first priority. The financial burden of tax and the uncertainty related to economic issues appear to be major obstacles for RL implementation. (C) 2015 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB This study uses survival models to estimate the arrival time of buses at the downstream stops and intersections. Both accelerated failure time (AFT) and Cox regression based hazard models were considered in this study. Two different types of events: (i) buses arriving at bus stops and (ii) buses arriving at signalised intersections were included for measuring arrival times. Weibull and log-logistic distribution models were fitted for obtaining the arrival times against both the events separately. Various other factors such as distance, speed, bus stop dwell time, passenger count, gradient of the road, intersection length and signal details which included green time, red time, cycle length and so on were considered as explanatory variables. The proposed study was tested on a study corridor of length 59.48 km in the Mumbai arterial roads using public transport (buses). The results reveal that arrival times predicted using the developed models provided smaller uncertainties for 70% of the prediction and reduced prediction variation by 10%. The mean absolute percentage error value obtained for the AFT survival models was 10.04. Overall, the AFT model approach appears to be a promising method compared to Cox regression to predict bus arrival times and the associated uncertainties."
"AB Products distribution and transportation is one of the largest sources of CO2 emission in supply chains. To date, a number of researchers have argued that intensive transportation activities through popular distribution strategies such as Just-In-Time (JIT) could significantly increase carbon emissions within logistics chains. However, a systematic understanding of how JIT distribution affects carbon emissions is still lacking in current literature. In this study, we develop a bi-objective optimization model for a carbon-capped JIT distribution of multiple products in a multi-period and multi-echelon distribution network. The aims are to jointly minimize total logistics cost and to minimize the maximum carbon quota allowed per period (carbon cap). The considered problem is investigated under three different carbon emission constraints namely periodic, cumulative and global. Since the studied problem is NP-Hard, a non-dominated sorting genetic algorithm-II (NSGA-II) is developed and its parameters are tuned by Taguchi method. For further quality improvement of the developed solution approach, a novel local search approach called modified firefly algorithm incorporates NSGA-II. Different sizes of the problem are considered to compare the performances of the proposed hybrid NSGA-II and the classical one. Finally, the results are presented along with some policy and managerial insights. For policy makers, the findings show the impact of varying the carbon emission cap on total cost and total emissions under JIT distribution concept. From managerial perspectives, we analyze the relationships between average inventory holding and backlog level per period which can assist mangers to identify critical decisions for JIT distribution of products in carbon-capped environment. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB In this work, the authors are focusing on various aspects to support the reliability and security of a self-powered disaster recovery network (DRN) infrastructure. Different methods and algorithms were suggested to resolve the different logistic requirements to build a Green DRN Infrastructure. First of all the architecture of a DRN node is enhanced to support its robustness and availability against the different failure events which may occur due to many reasons such as power supply shortage or Denial of Service attacks. Secondly, the DRN Infrastructure Clustering algorithm is suggested to limit the size of the ad-hoc network and to isolate the problems in each cluster which offers a more efficient, robust and secured system. Finally, several fault tolerance procedures are described which provide different solutions against nodes or DRN server failure. This study also discussed the need to ensure the successful combination of different security solutions (using an Embedded Cooperative Hybrid Intrusion Detection System) and reliability methods (using the DRN clustering algorithm) with a probably managed solar energy powered. The different factors governing the behaviour of the system, its evaluation metrics are determined and its performance measurement is tested using an experimental platform customised for this purpose."
"AB Appropriate implementation and organization of logistics activities greatly contributes to the creation of a better business environment in companies. This is reflected in increased business efficiency, cost rationalization, increased productivity and better overall quality. In order for a company to achieve sustainability of its business and its competitiveness, the link between the marketing logistics system and other logistics subsystems is particularly evident. Thereby, it is necessary to lead proactive management with a focus on key resources. In this paper, two novel integrated models in fuzzy form have been created. The first model includes the integration of the fuzzy Full Consistency Method (fuzzy FUCOM) and the fuzzy Evaluation based on Distance from Average Solution (EDAS) method for sorting 78 products regarding the following four criteria: quantity, unit price, annual procurement costs and demand. The second model involves the integration of the fuzzy FUCOM method and ABC analysis for the purpose of inventory sorting considering different significance of criteria. A range of values has been formed for each product category within the fuzzy FUCOM and fuzzy EDAS models, on the basis of which their sorting has been performed. The advantages and verification of the developed integrated fuzzy models have been performed through comparison with former traditional approaches. It has been determined based on an extensive sensitivity analysis that the developed models have better performance compared to the existing ones."
"AB Green-ripe pineapples are shipped overseas by sea freight, while those picked at full maturity need to be transported by airfreight over the same large distance. In this study, fresh-cut pineapple cubes were assessed two, five, and eight days after processing from green-ripe pineapples after mimicked sea freigh (SF) and fully ripe air-freighted (AF) pineapples. The sea-freighted samples displayed elevated titratable acidity (TA), thus resulting in smaller ratios of total soluble solids and TA compared to the AF pineapples. Differences in the carotenoid levels of the two fresh-cut categories were found to be insignificant. By contrast, hierarchical cluster analysis (HCA) and principal component analysis (PCA) calculated on the basis of the volatiles analysed by headspace solid-phase microextraction-gas chromatography-mass spectrometry (HS-SPME-GC-MS) permitted to distinguish all six individual sample types and to segregate them into two major clusters (SF and AF). The effect of storage on the volatiles was further evaluated by partial least squares (PLS) regression. Substantial chemical markers to differentiate the individual samples and to describe the effect of storage were deduced from the PCA and PLS regression, respectively. In general, fresh-cut products obtained from fully ripe AF fruit displayed higher concentrations of volatiles, in particular, increased concentrations of diverse methyl esters. With progressing storage duration, the concentrations of ethanol and diverse ethyl esters increased. Moreover, products from AF pineapples displayed lower microbial counts compared to those from SF fruit."
"AB In recent years, the environmental pollutions at the Three Gorges Dam have become an increasingly concerning issue of the Chinese government. One of the most significant environmental problems is the carbon emissions from the lockage operations at the two ship locks of the Three Gorges Dam. Currently, due to the large amount of vessels passing through the dam, there is always a long queue of vessels on both sides and the average waiting time is long. This has further lead to an increased amount of fuel consumption and carbon emissions. Therefore, it is of great importance to develop a decision-support model for a better navigation scheduling and planning of the lockage operations at the Three Gorges Dam. This paper proposed an improved mixed integer non-linear programming model for the green lock scheduling problem at the Three Gorges Dam. The model aims at minimizing the carbon emissions and the waiting time in the lockage process through scheduling the vessels in a fairer and more efficient manner. Moreover, a greedy particle swarm optimization (G-PSO) algorithm is developed to solve the complex optimization problem. The proposed mathematical model and algorithm are validated through a numerical experiment. The result shows that it may lead to a significant reduction on carbon emissions by giving a specified speed to each vessel with a pre-optimized sequence. Meanwhile, the fairness and efficiency of the lockage process may also be improved."
"AB This paper introduces a new bi-objective vehicle routing problem that integrates the Open Location Routing Problem (OLRP), recently presented in the literature, coupled with the growing need for fuel consumption minimization, named Green OLRP (G-OLRP). Open routing problems (ORP) are known to be NP-hard problems, in which vehicles start from the set of existing depots and are not required to return to the starting depot after completing their service. The OLRP is a strategic-level problem involving the selection of one or many depots from a set of candidate locations and the planning of delivery radial routes from the selected depots to a set of customers. The concept of radial paths allows us to use a set of constraints focused on maintaining the radiality condition of the paths, which significantly simplifies the set of constraints associated with the connectivity and capacity requirements and provides a suitable alternative when compared with the elimination problem of sub-tours traditionally addressed in the literature. The emphasis in the paper will be placed on modeling rather than solution methods. The model proposed is formulated as a bi-objective problem, considering the minimization of operational costs and the minimization of environmental effects, and it is solved by using the epsilon constraint technique. The results illustrate that the proposed model is able to generate a set of trade-off solutions leading to interesting conclusions about the relationship between operational costs and environmental impact. (C) 2017 Growing Science Ltd. All rights reserved"
"AB Industrial Symbiosis or By-Product Synergy is defined as a resource-sharing strategy that engages traditionally separate industries in a collective approach that involves a physical exchange of materials, water, energy, and by-products. Inspired by a real-world example of a paper-sugar symbiotic complex, we study the impact of competition on a firm's willingness to implement an industrial symbiotic system. Sugar and paper firms are symbiotically connected, in the sense that the biomass from the manufacture of one product is used as a raw material for the second product, and vice versa. We characterize the firm's operational optimal/equilibrium decisions for its two products - both in the presence and absence of a symbiotic system - under monopoly as well as under competition. Our models capture the supply-side (e.g., a fixed production cost and changes in the variable production costs), as well as the demand-side (""green"" consumers who value the nature-friendly production process) impact of implementing industrial symbiosis. Our results indicate that firms are more willing to implement industrial symbiosis when (i) the proportion of the green consumers is high; or (ii) consumers' appreciation for the green variants is high; or (iii) variable production costs after implementation are lower. For a firm, competition from firms that only produce regular products encourages implementation of industrial symbiosis, whereas competition from firms that produce both regular and green products discourages it."
"AB China has recently emerged as the technological and economic giant and an attractive place for investment for MCNs (Multi-National Companies). Many of the high ranked MNC's have shifted their production facilities to China due to low production cost. Finished products are transported through sea routes passing through Singapore and Sri Lanka, to different Middle Eastern, European and American countries. This major transition has lead to complete transformation of the global SC (Supply Chain); which resulted into extended transportation, distances and led time, thus affecting the four paradigms of SC i.e. lean, agile, resilient and green. Effective integration of all of these paradigms poses a significant challenge for the academia and industry related to SC. The common and critical success factors among these paradigms are reduction in transportation distances and most importantly lead time. Scenario planning technique is used in this study to analyze different trade routes originating from central China. CPEC (China Pakistan Economic Corridor) was identified as the most feasible and economical route owing to its reduced transportation distance and led time. CPEC route also provides us an opportunity to perform trade-offs between the four paradigms; focusing primarily on the critical success factors. These tradeoffs provide us a common ground which lead us to propose a new LARG (Lean Agile Resilient Green) framework. This framework was further validated with the help of results obtained from CPEC case study using scenario planning technique."
"AB In recent years, many firms have become aware that environmental issues are critical barriers to the sustainability of a business. To overcome these barriers, several studies have been conducted to develop quantitative measurements associated with industry practices to prevent pollution and waste. As a result of the joint effort among industry players, green supply chain practices (GSCP) received positive feedback regarding their ecological and economic performance from two eco-industrialists. Hence, GSCP has become an instrument to provide a practical approach and reduce environmental impact while also affording economic benefits to industry. Firms are aggressively integrating green practice within their supply chains for balancing triple-bottom-line performance. Thus, the current study combined fuzzy set theory and the Decision-Making Trial and Evaluation Laboratory (DEMATEL) method for a hybrid approach to investigate the effects of each criterion within GSCP. Moreover, the hybrid approach offered a visual analysis for the Vietnamese automobile manufacturing industry to explore the indicators in GSCP implementation. The study results include the significant finding that recovering and recycling used products is a major criterion affecting economic performance. In other words, firms can improve economic performance in GSCP through establishing a recovering and recycling system. This study contributes a visual diagram to determine the main indicator for GSCP implementation in the Vietnamese automobile manufacturing industry. (C) 2014 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB Objectives: To examine whether neighborhood green space was related to frailty risk longitudinally and to examine the relative contributions of green space, physical activity, and individual health conditions to the frailty transitions."
"AB The green construction supply chain is one of the topics that have been recently discussed in relation to supply chain fundamentals, especially in the construction supply chain. Specifically, a project network consisting of several concurrent projects is managed with the aim of not only minimizing delays in all projects, but also simultaneously minimizing the logistical costs, e.g., procurement, ordering, and transportation costs, and pollution levels of vehicles. Although these projects operate independently, they are affected by common suppliers and final quality inspection by the common committee, thus requiring consistent project review. This study evaluates the construction supply chain using a mathematical model of bi-objective linear programming. To realize this objective, the actual environmental impacts of vehicles in terms of distance, pollution rate, and slope of the road are considered. This paper also discusses the synergy between supplier selection and project planning and scheduling in the proposed green supply chain. In addition, the issues of balancing the supplier selection, choosing the type of fleet, and project time planning, which has become a real operational challenge in the construction industry, are also investigated in the paper such that by minimizing the project delays, logistical costs and the propagation of greenhouse gases can be minimized as well. Moreover, in order to make the results more realistic, the levels of production capacity and costs are considered in an uncertain (fuzzy-probabilistic) environment under three economic conditions, i.e., pessimistic, normal, and optimistic."
"AB Life Cycle Costing (LCC) is rarely used in public procurement and public institutions have yet to fully understand its potential value for sustainable procurement. The new European Directive on Public Procurement is, however, designed to position LCC as central to sustainable sourcing. Although previous studies have identified positive correlations between Green Public Procurement Policies (GPP) and LCC, it is still unclear how public institutions can further adopt LCC practices by leveraging their experience of green sourcing. In this study an organizational learning theoretical perspective is taken to investigate the circumstances under which public administrations' experience of GPP - considered as a way of integrating the dimension of environmental sustainability into the sourcing process - stimulates their LCC learning and capabilities - considered as a way to include the sustainability economic dimension. The goal is to understand if the adoption of GPP can stimulate the internalisation of LCC in public tenders. A multinomial logistic regression was conducted using a sample of 120 public administrations located in different countries. The results show that experience of GPP stimulates the internalisation of LCC at a public level, but only under specific conditions. The study contributes to the Sustainable Supply Management literature, being one of the first studies in the field adopting an organizational learning theoretical lens to review the role of experience as significant opportunity to develop capabilities. It also contributes to the organizational learning theory, by confirming that experience can aid learning but only in specific environmental contexts."
"AB Farmers' awareness of forest-based bioenergy developments will greatly determine the direction and succession of forestry projects. To obtain a better understanding of this awareness, a logistic regression model was applied to analyze the factors influencing farmers' willingness to participate in the construction of bioenergy bases. The model was developed based on a survey of 573 household farmers in eight Chinese provinces. This study found that a majority of households have increased their daily use of commercial fuel. Moreover, a significant number of farmers are either uncertain about or unfamiliar with the concept of forest-based bioenergy. The model found that households with young and educated individuals, a higher forestland endowment, and a higher cognition and understanding of fossil fuels, have a higher willingness to learn about and participate in forest based bioenergy issues. The findings of this study will be useful for bioenergy forest cultivators, extension foresters, forest landowners, and policy makers. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB A closed-loop supply chain network design is a facility location problem combined with forward and reverse logistics. To reflect the environmental fluctuations and the market competitiveness, recycled products will be remanufactured and sold to obtain the advantages of achieving green environmental protection and of reducing cost."
"AB Purpose - Despite the growing scientific evidence regarding risks caused by global warming and climate change, virtually no studies have been conducted to investigate general public's attitudes toward this phenomenon in a non-Western context. The purpose of this paper is to investigate factors influencing concern for global warming in a representative sample of 2,551 respondents in Egypt."
"AB This study deals with the problem of manufacturer's choice of alternative reverse channel structures for collecting end-of-use products from consumers. We consider a two-echelon supply chain with one manufacturer and one retailer, based on which three reverse channel formats are proposed: an integrated model, manufacturer collection model, and retailer collection model. The main reason behind developing the models is to investigate how the wholesale price, the retail price, the collection rate, and the total channel profits are affected by the choice of the reverse channel structure. The three models are formulated as supply-constrained multi-variated optimization models and solved by using Lagrangian relaxation scheme. Our research findings suggest that the manufacturer tends to choose the direct collection system for a lower remanufacturing cost and a higher discount valuation of the remanufactured goods and to choose the indirect collection system for a lower collecting cost by the retailer."
"AB This paper seeks to discover consumer perceptions related to the adoption of sustainable transport practices by the French large retail industry. Using 20 semi-structured interviews and the semiotic square method, this research sheds light on a set of structured postures of consumers' perceptions according to a semantic axis: conjunction vs. disjunction. The recourse to a socio-semiotic reading here favours a deeper comprehension of the question of consumers' trust in large retailers. It proposes a typology of four distinct virtual strategies responding to the diverse consumer perceptions brought to light: persuasion, rejection, suspicion, and alignment. This leads to a discussion of the strategies offered by different large retailers to meet their consumers' perceptions and expectations. Lastly, the results outline the importance of deploying targeted communication and of aligning sustainable transport practices in accordance with the identified consumer postures. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Kinetic models describing the thermal inactivation of peroxidase and degradation of broccoli (Brassica Oleracea var. Italica) color were coupled with heat transfer equation (2D conductive heat transfer in cylindrical packed broccoli samples), and their simultaneous numerical simulation followed by experimental validation was carried out. Obtained results revealed that modeling the rate constants of the reactions with log logistic equation provides a better prediction in comparison with the most popular Arrhenius equation. It was observed that processing at temperatures lower than 80 degrees C is not recommended for processing of broccoli due to its adverse effect on the color of samples and considerable longer process time needed for assuring sufficient inactivation of enzyme at the cold spot. Temperatures above 80 degrees C were suitable for this purpose because the process time needed for inactivating peroxidase at the cold spot of sample not only affected the green color of samples negatively, but oppositely it resulted in a higher greenness than the original value."
"AB This paper presents an integrated supply chain inventory model for deteriorating items with an imperfect quality considering its environmental impact, particularly the supply chain carbon footprint. An imperfect production system produces a certain number of defective items. Therefore, in our model, the manufacturer conducts a 100% quality check to prevent the delivery of defective items. A third-party logistics (3PL) company supports the logistics between the manufacturer and the buyer, by transporting the products from the manufacturer to a warehouse and then delivering the products in a smaller quantity to the buyer. The proposed solution procedure determines the number of deliveries per cycle, delivery interval, and delivery quantity between the 3PL and the buyer simultaneously. It also determines the production quantity of the manufacturer and the delivery quantity from the manufacturer to the 3PL. The objective is to minimize the expected total cost and to reduce total carbon emissions."
"AB As urbanization increases, municipalities across the world have become aware of the negative impacts of road-based transportation, which include traffic congestion and air pollution. As a result, several cities have introduced tolling schemes to discourage vehicles from entering the inner city. However, little research has been done to examine the impact of tolling schemes on the routing of commercial fleets, especially on the resulting costs and emissions. In this study, we investigate a vehicle routing problem considering different congestion charge schemes for several city types. We design comprehensive computational experiments to investigate whether different types of tolling schemes work in the way municipalities expect and what factors affect the performance of the congestion charge schemes. We compare the impact on a company's total costs, fuel usage (which drives emissions), and delivery tour plans. Our experimental results demonstrate that some congestion pricing schemes may even increase the emissions in the city center, and higher congestion charges may not necessarily lead to lower emissions."
"AB Satellite temporal resolution affects the fitting accuracy of vegetation growth curves. However, there are few studies that evaluate the impact of different satellite data (including temporal resolution and time series change) on spring green-up date (GUD) extraction. In this study, four GUD algorithms and two different temporal resolution satellite data (GIMMS3g during 1982-2013 and SPOT-VGT during 1999-2013) were used to investigate winter wheat GUD in the North China Plain. Four GUD algorithms included logistic-NDVI (normalized difference vegetation index), logistic-cumNDVI (cumulative NDVI), polynomial-NDVI and polynomial-cumNDVI algorithms. All algorithms and data were first regrouped into eight controlled cases. At site scale, we evaluated the performance of each case using correlation coefficient (r), bias and root mean square error (RMSE). We further compared spatial patterns and inter-annual trends of GUD inferred from different algorithms, and then analyzed the difference between GIMMS3g-based GUD and SPOT-VGT-based GUD. Our results showed that all satellite-based GUD were correlated with observations with r ranging from 0.32 to 0.57 (p < 0.01). SPOT-VGT-based GUD generally had better correlations with observed GUD than those of GIMMS3g. Spatially, SPOT-VGT-based GUD performed more reasonable spatial distributions. Inter-annual regional averaged satellite-based GUD presented overall advanced trends during 1982-2013 (0.3-2.0 days/decade) while delayed trends were observed during 1999-2013 (1.7-7.4 days/decade for GIMMS3g and 3.8-7.4 days/decade for SPOTVGT). However, their significance levels were highly dependent on the data and algorithms used. Our findings suggest cautions on previous results of inter-annual variability of phenology from a single data/method. (C) 2017 International Society for Photogrammetry and Remote Sensing, Inc. (ISPRS). Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB Effectiveness of natural enemies greatly depends on their functional responses, one of the key components in the selection of biological control predators. The aim of this study was to describe the functional response of third-instar Chrysoperla carnea Stephens (Neuroptera: Chrysopiade) on fourth-instar Myzus persicae Sulzer (Hemiptera: Aphididae). We determined the type of functional response by logistic regression analysis, which suggested that C. carnea exhibited a type III functional response. The handling time estimated was of 0.0066 (+/- 0.0026) and, attack coefficient ""a"" is made a function of prey density(a = bN(o)). Chrysoperla carnea larvae ate an increasingly larger number of M. persicae nymphs as the prey density increased. We obtained an initial accelerated response, because C. carnea became more efficient at finding M. persicae. Roger's model did forecast correctly the expected number of eaten preys, but, the value of Th overestimated the maximum number ""T/Th"" of preys eaten by one C. carnea predatory larva."
"AB The yellow signal driver behavior, reflecting the dilemma zone behavior, is analyzed using naturalistic data from digital enforcement cameras. The key variable in the analysis is the entrance time after the yellow onset, and its distribution. This distribution can assist in determining two critical outcomes: the safety outcome related to red-light-running angle accidents, and the efficiency outcome. The connection to other approaches for evaluating the yellow signal driver behavior is also discussed."
"AB This paper studies the feasibility of renewable energy as a substitute for nuclear and energy by considering Korean customers' willingness to pay (WTP). For this analysis, we use the contingent valuation method to estimate the WTP of renewable energy, and then estimate its value using ordered logistic regression. To replace nuclear power and fossil energy with renewable energy in Korea, an average household is willing to pay an additional 102,388 Korean Won (KRW) per month (approx. US $85). Therefore, the yearly economic value of renewable energy in Korea is about 19.3 trillion KRW (approx. US $16.1 billion). Considering that power generation with only renewable energy would cost an additional 35 trillion KRW per year, it is economically infeasible for renewable energy to be the sole method of low-carbon energy generation in Korea. Copyright (C) 2016, Published by Elsevier Korea LLC on behalf of Korean Nuclear Society."
"AB Forest cover change is driven by complex processes that depend on political, conservation, and biophysical conditions. At present, mountain areas worldwide are undergoing intense forest cover change. Local-scale studies exist, but policy makers lack reliable and consistent information at the regional scale about long-term trends, controlling factors, and the success of existing policy measures. Long-term forest cover change data based on advanced image preprocessing procedures have recently become available. This study explores the potential of such data for a regional-scale analysis of forest cover change in mountain areas by analyzing forest cover change in the Romanian Carpathian Ecoregion (about 107,000 km(2)) between 1985 and 2010. It shows that (1) extrapolations from local to regional scale are inaccurate, (2) European forest protection policies have been unsuccessful, and (3) the Romanian Carpathians are greening due to land abandonment in remote areas."
"AB Imperfect economic production lot size (EPL) models are considered with time dependent defective rate. Here, defective production starts after the passage of some time from production commencement. Produced defective units are partially reworked and sold as fresh units. Under the environmental regulation, a cost (carbon tax) is charged by the government to mitigate global warming by reducing carbon emission (CE). Management also uses carbon trading when upper limit of carbon emission is given by the government. These costs bring a contradiction to a production manager. For more profit, if more production is decided, then CE and tax due to that are more. The models are formulated as single- and multi-objective profit maximization problems and solved using Rough age based single- and multi-objective Genetic Algorithms (RMOGAs). Numerical experiments are performed and graphical presentation of the results are depicted to illustrate the models. An algorithm with example for a firm management to achieve the maximum profit is also presented."
"AB BackgroundMental health disorders appear as a growing problem in urban areas. While common mental health disorders are generally linked to demographic and socioeconomic factors, little is known about the interaction with the urban environment. With growing urbanization, more and more people are exposed to environmental stressors potentially contributing to increased stress and impairing mental health. It is therefore important to identify features of the urban environment that affect the mental health of city dwellers. The aim of this study was to define associations of combined long-term exposure to air pollution, noise, surrounding green at different scales, and building morphology with several dimensions of mental health in Brussels.MethodsResearch focuses on the inhabitants of the Brussels Capital Region older than 15years. The epidemiological study was carried out based on the linkage of data from the national health interview surveys (2008 and 2013) and specifically developed indicators describing each participant's surroundings in terms of air quality, noise, surrounding green, and building morphology. These data are based on the geographical coordinates of the participant's residence and processed using Geographical Information Systems (GIS). Mental health status was approached through several validated indicators: the Symptom Checklist-90-R subscales for depressive, anxiety and sleeping disorders and the 12-Item General Health Questionnaire for general well-being. For each mental health outcome, single and multi-exposure models were performed through multivariate logistic regressions.ResultsOur results suggest that traffic-related air pollution (black carbon, NO2, PM10) exposure was positively associated with higher odds of depressive disorders. No association between green surrounding, noise, building morphology and mental health could be demonstrated.ConclusionsThese findings have important implications because most of the Brussel's population resides in areas where particulate matters concentrations are above the World Health Organization guidelines. This suggests that policies aiming to reduce traffic related-air pollution could also reduce the burden of depressive disorders in Brussels."
"AB Purpose The current manuscript is focused on evaluating the capabilities of green practices that affect various business performance (BP) parameters of small and medium scale Indian manufacturing enterprises (SME's). This study aims to obtain multiple significant factors that influence the implementation of green practices. Design/methodology/approach The manuscript focuses on statistical testing of responses obtained from 168 Indian SMEs to determine the relationship between input parameters and BP parameters. This paper starts with deploying tests such as Cronbach alpha and inter-item covariance test to obtain confidence in data collected, followed by various statistical tests such as Pearson correlation, multiple regression, canonical correlation to extract various significant factors the study. Further Games-Howell post hoc test is deployed to evaluate the significant improvements in BP gained over a reasonable duration of time. Finally, a discriminant validity test is used to find out the success or failure of the organizations that participated in the survey. Findings This research contributes to the holistic effect of green manufacturing (GM) toward gaining improvements in terms of different BP parameters taken for the study. It has been found that various input factors such as customer attributes, adoption of new technology, social pressure and government pressure are the main parameters for GM implementation. Further, it is observed that those at the maturity phase of GM implementation are reaping higher benefits than the organizations at the transition and stability phase. Originality/value The current study has been accomplished in Indian SME manufacturing organizations to investigate the effects of GM implementation in the organization. Although research findings imply the effective use of green practices within the organization to reap BP parameters and improve the market's competitive image, the study cannot be generalized and can be used as an insight for both academicians and end-users in understanding the overall achievements of GM."
"AB Background: Research on the association between the physical environment and physical activity in children has focused on built and developed features or total green space. The impact of natural, undeveloped green spaces is unknown. The objective of this study was to determine whether the presence of undeveloped green spaces in the home neighborhood are associated with physical activity in 11 to 13-year-olds."
"AB Background: Depression in elderly people is a major global concern around the world. Epidemiological evidence of the association of beverages with depressive symptoms has received research attention; however, epidemiological studies on the association of coffee and green tea consumption with depressive symptoms among the elderly population are limited. The objective of this study is to cross-sectionally examine the association of depressive symptoms with the intake of coffee, green tea, and caffeine and to verify the antidepressant effect of caffeine."
"AB Urban Green Spaces (UGS) offer social and environmental benefits that enhance quality of life of the residents. However, due to the underlying social and economic disparities, different sections of urban population have disproportionate level of access to UGS. The environmental inequity owing to the varied UGS distribution poses a challenge to urban planners in efficient resource allocation. This study attempts to counter this challenge using a novel remote sensing-based approach. The variations in UGS distribution (in terms of quantity, quality and accessibility) across the neighbourhoods in Mumbai vis-a-vis the socio-economic status (SES) of neighbourhood residents are assessed using remote sensing-based indicators. Further, as these indicators are susceptible to the effect of changing scales, a multi-scale approach is adopted to study the potential variations in the relationship between SES and spatial metrics of UGS with spatial resolution. The neighbourhood SES was assessed using the newly developed Socio-Economic Status Index (SESI) and the neighbourhoods were classified into multiple SES categories. The UGS were extracted from remotely sensed data using Normalized Difference Vegetation Index (NDVI), and their spatial distribution aspects were characterized using indicators at neighbourhood level. The variations in indicators of UGS distribution in the neighbourhoods belonging to different SES categories were analysed using a logistic regression model. The results showed that, while quantity of UGS is not statistically associated with neighbourhoods SES, the quality and accessibility aspects of UGS share a statistically significant relation with SES. Also, this relation was found to vary significantly with spatial resolutions. Further, it was found that the neighbourhoods with higher SES in Mumbai have a better access to green spaces, indicating spatial inequities in UGS distribution in Mumbai. This study has important implications for planning equitable green spaces in cities that are currently in urbanization transition."
"AB Only limited research has addressed time patterns regarding visits to urban green spaces (UGSs), whereby less has concentrated on relevant variations across population groups. However, this concerns the effective management and provision of UGSs. This study investigated the time patterns of UGS visits, particularly focusing on the variations across wide-ranging visitor characteristics in Guangzhou, China. An in-person survey in 24 green sites using stratified sampling produced 595 valid questionnaires. Descriptive statistics depicted the general time patterns, while multivariate logistic regression examined the variations across the visitor characteristics. The results indicate that more visits occurred at night and on weekends, whereas hot noon was avoided. The temporal imbalances need to develop strategies to rationally distribute UGS traffic at different times, thus having important implications for UGS management. The visit timing significantly varied with seven visitor characteristics and these variations should be factored into the UGS decision-making process. The findings help promote effective management and targeted planning of UGSs, having significant implications for cities in China and beyond. Several findings concerning visitor characteristics may contribute new insights, but more research is needed. Future studies should consider the effects of UGS attributes and pay more attention to the visit timing of the elderly."
"AB Port logistics is one of the major sectors influenced by fast globalisation due to technological innovations. . While positive impacts of a port spread wider area, negative impacts intensify in the location of port. To lead the regional economic development by increasing the competition levels of the ports, while minimizing the negative impacts is the main issue in this study. In order to increase the competitiveness and performance level of the port, it has been proposed to implement the Port Community System (PCS) and the dry port railway connection. In order to reduce the harmful gas emission values of ships in port, usage of renewable and environmentally friendly energy generated by Organic Rankine Cycle (ORC) method as an Onshore Power Supply System (OPS) has been proposed. Different scenarios have been modelled for before and after cases of each proposal by using Arena simulation software and results have been evaluated through Boston Consulting Group (BCG) portfolio analyses method. This article is a revised and expanded version of a paper entitled 'A Study on Improving Competitiveness Level of Turkish Ports in the Frame of Green Port Concept' presented at International Conference on Technology, Engineering and Science (ICONTES), Antalya/Turkey, October 26-29, 2017."
AB Background: The indocyanine green test is used widely to evaluate the risk of posthepatectomy liver failure for hepatocellular carcinoma. A more convenient and reliable scoring system is desired owing to limited accuracy and availability of the indocyanine green test. This study aimed to establish a new selection criterion for liver resection in HCC.
"AB In recent years, the concept of sustainability is emerging as one of the main concerns in modern society. In this context, industrial production processes are changing thanks to the development of green strategies. The selection of a new production solution is a crucial strategic decision and the introduction of new technologies could cause deep changes to the entire supply chain configuration. This paper introduces a new approach designed to understand the importance of supply chain considerations for a suitable technology assessment. It is aimed at proposing a quantitative model for the evaluation of different structure of supply chains based on different production technologies. In particular, by defining a set of Key Performance Indicators and applying a multi-criteria decision method, a final score is computed, giving important information about both environmental and economic aspects. A numerical example regarding the comparison between Additive and Traditional Manufacturing processes is presented in order to demonstrate the applicability and the effectiveness of the proposed method. Results show that additive solutions bring evident reduction in Carbon Emission and better supply chain and logistics performance. Anyway, production volume strongly influences the economic results and the competitiveness of additive manufacturing remains limited when compared to the traditional manufacturing. (C) 2020 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB It is urgently-needed to construct a green supply chain (GSC) from collection of used products through recycling of them to sales of products using the recycled parts. Besides, it is necessary to consider the uncertainty in product demand as a risk in a GSC. This study proposes the optimal operations for a GSC with a retailer and a manufacturer. A retailer pays an incentive for collection of used products from customers and sells a single type of products in a market. A manufacturer produces the products ordered by the retailer, using recyclable parts with acceptable quality and compensates the collection cost of used products as to the recycled parts. This paper discusses the following risk attitudes: risk-neutral attitude, risk-averse attitude, and risk-prone attitude. Using mean-variance analysis, the optimal decisions for product order quantity, collection incentive, and lower limit of quality level, in the decentralized GSC (DGSC) and the integrated GSC (IGSC) are made. DGSC optimizes the utility function of each member. IGSC does that of the whole system. The analysis numerically investigates how (i) risk attitude and (ii) quality of recyclable parts affect the optimal operations. Supply chain coordination between GSC members to shift IGSC from DGSC is discussed."
"AB Dietary factors play a crucial role in the management of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) by reducing cardiovascular disease (CVD) risk. Therefore, we aimed to examine the associations between habitual green tea consumption and risk factors of CVD among T2DM patients. A total of 1013 patients with T2DM were included in a community-based cross-sectional study. Data on dietary habits, including tea consumption, were collected using a food frequency questionnaire. A multivariable logistic regression model was used to analyze the associations. In men, as compared with nongreen tea drinkers, odds ratios (ORs) (95% confidence interval [CI]) of nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) were 2.06 (95% CI, 1.20-3.55) for those with green tea consumption of once per day and 2.45 (95% CI, 1.31-4.58) for more than or equal to twice per day (P-trend = .004); ORs (95% CI) of general obesity were 2.19 (95% CI, 1.02-4.68) and 2.70 (95% CI, 1.18-6.21), respectively (P-trend = .021); whereas no such association was found in women. Sensitivity analysis according to self-awareness of their T2DM status revealed that the positive association between green tea consumption and general obesity was not reliable. Higher intake of green tea was still positively associated with NAFLD, but it only persisted in participants aged >= 52 years or the lower dietary quality subgroup in further analyses. Our findings suggest that tea consumption was associated with an increased risk of NAFLD among male T2DM patients aged 52 years or older, and those with lower dietary quality, which needs to be confirmed in future prospective studies."
"AB Green supply chain (GSC), one of the most vital sub-topics of sustainable development, indicates people provoking on the rationality of business practices and resource consumption patterns. Under the background of economy globalization, developing countries, especially China, severely affected by green barriers became the global focus. A systematic review of articles about GSC which published in leading journals of Web of Science Core Collection (WoSCC) and China Knowledge Resource Infrastructure (CNKI) is proposed for exploring publishing trends, the distribution of authors and journals, research topics, and hotspots and predicting frontiers by utilizing VOSviewer, Sci2, and CiteSpace. The results show that (1) there are differences in the attention of GSC between international and Chinese academia. (2) ""Green"" is referred to environmental friendly practices in international academia. Scholars advocate to promote management to strengthen cooperation among GSC members and boost technology investment to improve the comprehensive performance; however, specific practices such as ""low-carbon,"" ""emission reduction,"" ""recycling,"" and ""remanufacture"" are referred to environmental friendly behaviors in Chinese academia. Scholars expect to avoid enterprises' short-term profit compression relying on government subsidies and make contracts to share environment protection cost equally out for ensuring GSC stable operation. (3) Exploring collaboration among GSC members using complex operation research and artificial intelligence will be international research frontier. Relevant papers are to provide Chinese research with merely innovation in methodology. Besides, the ""government-enterprise-university-research institute-customer-economy"" management mode proposed by development countries like China will enrich the international GSC research scope, leading international GSC knowledge structure to change. The contribution of this study is to afford reference for future research on GSC."
"AB Competition in today's market is the most important concern of companies and producers in free markets. Buyers are also looking for higher quality and lower prices. Manufacturers should, therefore, reduce production costs and increase budgets for research and product development. On the other hand, the limitation of mineral resources in each country and in the world in general is a very important factor for increasing the price of raw materials which increases the cost of production of a product. In this study, a green aspect of decision-making, concurrent modeling for inventory-routing, and application of maximum entropy (ME) method for overcoming uncertainties of demands are applied to optimize the usage of raw materials and returning of defective products to the production cycle in a closed-looped supply chain under multi-period planning horizon. Also, dynamic modeling is used to balance the inventory level in all stages of the network that leads to optimum usage of the raw materials. For this purpose, the first objective function reduces production, transportation-routing, and inventory costs, and the second objective reduces greenhouse gas emissions through all levels of the network. Finally, this model is solved by using the exact solution method with the help of Gams software as well as the non-dominated sorting genetic algorithm II (NSGAII) and multi-objective particle swarm optimization (MOPSO) algorithm. Sensitivity analysis has been performed on failure rates, greenhouse gas emissions during recycling and production, and the optimistic-pessimistic coefficient of the ME solution method. Solution methods have been compared using several criteria, and the NSGAII method has finally obtained the best result. The results show that the manager should pay more costs in order to prevent backorder demands. Also, collecting the more defective products leads to increasing production amount since the collective products can return to the production line. Finally, it is required for the managers to control products' failure rate to optimize capacity usage in the model."
"AB Background: Supermicrosurgical lymphaticovenular anastomosis is becoming a useful treatment option for progressive lower extremity lymphedema because of its minimal invasiveness. Finding a lymphatic vessel is a minimum requirement for lymphaticovenular anastomosis surgery, but no study has reported comprehensive analysis on factors associated with lymphatic vessel detection."
"AB Nowadays, transportation and logistics are considered as the drivers of economic development in the countries due to their impacts on the main variables of the country's economy such as production, employment, price, and the cost of living. Statistics indicate that fuel consumption constructs a major part of transportation costs, where its optimization leads to the creation of an energy-efficient and sustainable transportation system. On the other hand, vehicles' traffic is also one of the main criteria affecting the travel time of vehicles between demand nodes in a supply chain, increasing fuel consumption, and, consequently, damaging effects of greenhouse gasses. In this paper, a novel robust mixed-integer linear programming model is developed for a green vehicle routing problem with intermediate depots considering different urban traffic conditions, fuel consumption, time windows of services, and uncertain demand for perishable products. To validate and solve the suggested model, CPLEX solver of GAMS software is employed as an exact method. Finally, a case study problem is investigated to evaluate the applicability of the proposed model and determine the optimal managerial insights and policies in the real-world conditions using sensitivity analyses. Moreover, a novel robustness threshold comparison is conducted to find the optimal level of budget assignment."
"AB In recent years, environmental regulatory bodies and researchers have raised their concerns about the relationship between foreign corporations and environmental problems in developing countries. Foreign corporations possess the dynamic capabilities to improve the environment of developing countries through adoption of Green Supply Chain Management (GSCM) practices and collaborating with governments and domestic firms to further reduce the environmental footprint. In this context, three strands of GSCM literature have been critically analysed for this paper. Firstly, drivers and pressures for the adoption of GSCM were studied and three high priority drivers were selected for the conceptual model namely government regulations, customer demands and supplier performance. Secondly, the GSCM practices and their adoption benefits relevant to the developing countries were reviewed resulting in selection of four promising practices; eco-design, green purchasing, green manufacturing and reverse logistics. After that, the literature was reviewed on application of management theories in GSCM to testify the theoretical implications of the model. Finally, the conceptual model is presented that coincides with the systems, institutional and diffusion of innovation theories and purposes high degree of collaborations among foreign and domestic firms, governments, customers and suppliers. Hence, this study adds to the existing literature on GSCM adoption by identifying the base practices and drivers exclusive to the developing countries. It also purposes a collaboration mechanism in a novel conceptual framework to integrate the foreign and domestic firms under common agenda of improving the environment. In future, the theoretical model will be tested empirically to develop a practical model for industrial zones in developing countries. (C) 2020 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB In an effort to regulate waste electrical and electronic equipment (WEEE) recycling, the Chinese government has issued China-WEEE regulations and a fund policy. In accordance with the 2012 fund policy, the government collects funds from producers and subsidizes recycling enterprises. However, this policy has encountered difficulties. The 2016 White Paper on WEEE Recycling, Treatment and Reuse states that while the funds collected from producers were 2.61 billion Yuan, the subsidies provided to recycling enterprises were 4.714 billion Yuan, which is a gap of 2.104 billion Yuan. In addition, this policy did not incentivize producers to invest in WEEE recycling. Our paper aims to answering the following questions: (1) What is the impact of the current WEEE processing fund policy? (2) How can producers' green innovation in WEEE recycling be promoted? We use evolutionary game theory to investigate the strategies used by producers and recyclers and explore their evolutionary behaviors under two policies: the 2012 fund policy (the current policy) and the Fund Relief Policy (a newly designed policy). The results indicate that the Fund Relief Policy can motivate producers' green innovation behavior, improve the profitability of recyclers, and alleviate the financial pressure on government to a certain extent. (c) 2020 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Citizens' participation in urban environmental quality assessment is important when identifying local problems in the sustainable development and environmental planning policy. The principal aim of this study was to analyze whether any social differences exist between the joint effect of built neighborhood quality and exposure to urban green spaces and the risk of hypertension. The study sample consisted of 580 participants residing in 11 districts in Kaunas city, Lithuania. Using geographic information systems (GIS), individual data on the socioeconomic status (SES) and health were linked to the participants' perceptions of the environmental quality and exposure to green spaces (NDVI). We used multivariate logistic regression to estimate associations as odds ratios (OR). Those study participants with lower education and those study participants with higher education on low incomes rated their health significantly worse. Low SES persons residing in areas with low exposure to green spaces had a significantly higher risk of hypertension when sex, age, family status, smoking, and income were accounted for (OR 1.83, 95% CI 1.01-3.36). This citizen science study provided evidence that the social environment and the quality of the built environment had a complex effect on disparities in the risk of hypertension."
"AB Anaerobic Digestion (AD) is one of the most widely used methods in the field of sustainable bioenergy production from various feedstock. One such feedstock is algae waste which has become an increasingly serious environmental problem. AD of algal biomass is hindered by the presence of resistant cell walls; hence a pretreatment step is usually required to decompose the cell wall structure. This study uses green algae (Enteromorpha) and anaerobic sludge as raw materials to explore the impact of autoclave (AC) pretreatment on biogas production. AC pretreatment was performed at 120 degrees C and 80 degrees C. The cumulative biogas production of the 120 degrees C AC pretreatment, 80 degrees C AC pretreatment and control group were 600 mL, 450 mL and 400 mL, respectively. The results showed that AC pretreatment improved the biodegradability of biomass as 120 degrees C AC pretreatment group achieved higher degradation rate of cells (95.99 %). The energy evaluation showed that the net energy ratio of the 120 degrees C AC pretreatment group was 1.07, indicating high overall energy gain via AD process. The experimental data is further modeled by using Modified Gompertz Model (MGM) and Logistic Function Model (LFM). To check the applicability of better model for this AD process, an Akaike Information Criteria (AIC) test was performed. AIC"
"AB The large-scale diffusion of low-emission vehicles is required to increase the sustainability of the transport system. Statistics show strong and continued growth in the sales of electric and other low-emission vehicles in the passenger car market. The commercial market, however, has thus far been a different story, despite the fact that vans and other utility vehicles constitute an increasing share of total road traffic and emissions. The present study investigates the potential for increasing the adoption of electric vans (e-vans) among small- and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs). Data gathered in a web survey of 264 SME managers show that 25% of the managers expressed intentions to adopt e-vans within the next two years and another 27% within the next five years. Results from logistic regressions show that a combination of attributes related to the vehicle, the firm and the firm-environment relationships drives adoption intentions. Costs and vehicle reliability are typically important drivers of commercial vehicle purchases. E-vans, however, bring symbolic features into the decision process since they are seen as a measure to improve the green legitimacy of the enterprise. Various measures relevant to manufacturers/dealers and policy makers to stimulate the adoption of e-vans are discussed."
"AB The influence of environmental legislation in inventory control policies is explored. Previous work on product recovery is extended using the introduction of a cap-and-trade mechanism in an infinite-horizon inventory system in which demand and returns are uncertain. Demand is met through two different sources namely manufacturing and remanufacturing, which differ in cost and greenhouse gas emissions. The main contributions of this paper are 1) comparison of system operation in terms of cost and environmental performance under conventional and green inventory policies, and 2) managerial insights into the structure of green inventory policies. To illustrate the impact of a cap-and-trade scheme, a numerical example is used. We solved the problem as a Markov decision process, and characterized the inventory policies based on the optimal replenishment strategy. We also conducted a sensitivity analysis to examine the effect of underlying environmental parameters such as the emission cap and the allowance price in the policy structures. The results indicate that decisions are sensitive to carbon prices. The inventory policy could play an important role in compliance with environmental legislation, although there is threshold carbon price beyond which the company must focus on strategic decisions rather than tactical decisions. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB The renewable energy sources are considered the vital factor to promote global green business. The environmental cost of doing business is the pre-requisite to analyze sustainable policies that facilitate the eco-minded entrepreneurs to produce healthier goods. This study examines the impact of renewable energy sources (i.e., hydro energy, biofuel energy, and wind energy) on the environmental cost of doing business in a panel of BRICS (Brazil, Russian Federation, India, China, and South Africa) countries, for the period of 1995-2015. The study employed principal component analysis to construct an ""integrated environmental index"" by using three alternative and plausible factors including carbon dioxide emissions, fossil fuel energy consumption, and chemicals used in the manufacturing process. The environmental index is used as an interactive term with the three cost of doing business indicators including business disclosure index, the cost of business start-up procedures, and logistics performance index to form environmental cost of doing business (ECDB) indicators. The results of three-stage least squares (3SLS) estimator show that foreign direct investment (FDI) inflows supported the green business while trade openness deteriorates the environment, which partially validates the ""pollution haven hypotheses (PHH)"" in a panel of countries. There is no evidence for environmental Kuznets curve (EKC) hypothesis; however, there is a monotonic decreasing relationship between per capita income and ECDB indicators. The hydro energy supports the sustainable business environment, while biofuel consumption deteriorates the environmental impact on the cost of business start-up procedures. Finally, wind energy subsequently affected the ECDB indicators in a panel of BRICS countries. The overall results conclude that growth factors and energy sources both have a considerable impact on the cost of doing business; therefore, there is a momentous need to formulate sustainable policy vista to magnetize green business across countries."
"AB The aim of this paper is to develop a comprehensive taxonomy of green supply chain management (GSCM) practices and develop a structural equation modelling-driven decision support system following GSCM taxonomy for managers to provide better understanding of the complex relationship between the external and internal factors and GSCM operational practices. Typology and/or taxonomy play a key role in the development of social science theories. The current taxonomies focus on a single or limited component of the supply chain. Furthermore, they have not been tested using different sample compositions and contexts, yet replication is a prerequisite for developing robust concepts and theories. In this paper, we empirically replicate one such taxonomy extending the original study by (a) developing broad (containing the key components of supply chain) taxonomy; (b) broadening the sample by including a wider range of sectors and organisational size; and (c) broadening the geographic scope of the previous studies. Moreover, we include both objective measures and subjective attitudinal measurements. We use a robust two-stage cluster analysis to develop our GSCM taxonomy. The main finding validates the taxonomy previously proposed and identifies size, attitude and level of environmental risk and impact as key mediators between internal drivers, external drivers and GSCM operational practices."
"AB In emerging markets, the growth of supply chain networks and logistics industry leads to a significant increase in energy consumption and induces high carbon emissions. To design a sustainable low-carbon supply chain network, we consider a carbon emission-compliance green location-inventory problem. It is characterized by uncertain demand and volatile carbon prices under a multi-year emission regulation, inspired from the carbon-trading scheme in China. A two-stage stochastic mathematical model is built and is solved with a three-phase hierarchical metaheuristic on extensive numerical experiments, which mimic the business context of a supply chain network operated in China. The results show to which extent the carbon-trading emission-compliance scheme, with uncertainties in demand and carbon price, impacts the strategic decisions. Besides, carbon emissions and supply chain profits of the design solutions produced under alternative emission regulations are evaluated and discussed. We also underline the sensitivity of the amount of carbon emissions to the demand uncertainty, and to the level and volatility of the carbon price in the carbon-trading system. These results provide managerial insights for supply chain emitters, and indicate that reasonable and stable carbon prices should be maintained by governments in emerging markets."
"AB Drivers' choices at signalized intersections may be made in great uncertainty after the onset of yellow, which creates potential hazards for road safety. These choices are analyzed and modeled based on field observations at three comparable signalized intersections in Changsha, China. The results show that intersections without monitoring devices widen the indecision zone, which can increase the risk of rear-end collisions and the uncertainty of drivers' decision-making. In addition, drivers are more likely to stop during the yellow interval at intersections equipped with a green signal countdown device (GSCD) than at those with a green signal flashing device (GSFD). Subsequently, according to the results of a binary logistic regression model (BLRM), drivers' decision making at the onset of the yellow indication is greatly influenced by the vehicle's spot speed, the distance to the stop line, and signal and monitoring devices. The presence of an adjacent vehicle with a short space headway can particularly motivate the following driver to make a go-decision after the first driver chooses to pass the intersection. However, a stop-decision by a driver in an adjacent lane can also prompt the following driver to stop. (C) 2018 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB The research on citizens' color preference is an important prerequisite for the scientific formulation of urban color planning. Color preferences are normally identified over the Internet or through questionnaire surveys and adjective descriptions. But the analysis has its limitations due to the uncertainty of color descriptions. Based on the quantitative analysis of the three attributes of hue, blackness, and chromaticness, this article obtains the inherent law of color preference of citizens, and compares it with the results of color adjective preference done by our research group before, which can supplement the accuracy of adjective description, so as to provide a reference for the color positioning of urban color planning. This article obtains the three attributes of color samples chosen by the public in the form of questionnaires as well as color sample selections. Among which 36 representative sites in Shanghai were selected according to the six types of land use. Adopting a more detailed method of dividing nine color series, viz. yellow (Y), red-yellow (YR), red (R), red-blue (RB), blue (B), blue-green (BG), green (G), green-yellow (GY), and the neutrals (WS). Moreover, chi-square test and multiple logistic regression model were used to analyze the color preference factors and explore the relationship between citizen attributes and the three attributes of color sample selection. Research findings are as follows: (a) The citizens' favorite colors of urban architecture center round red, high whiteness, and mid-low chromaticness. (b) The main factors that influence citizens' hue preference include gender, age, and monthly income; the main factors that influence citizens' blackness preference include: questionnaire distribution points, the frequency of coming to Shanghai, and whether to go abroad; gender and age are the main factors that affect citizens' chromaticness preference. (c) Compared with the previous studies on adjective selection among citizens, it is found that the effect of gender, age, monthly income, and educational background on color preference is similar; differences are in the occupational types, frequency of coming to Shanghai, and whether travels abroad."
"AB The salutary potential of urban greenspace for users' physical and mental health has been investigated in a large number of empirical studies. Additionally, the pathways by which users derive health benefits from greenspace have been theorised; which include opportunities for psychological restorative experiences, physical activity and social interaction. In this paper, the relationship between health, current use of public greenspace and preferences for attributes within green settings are examined. First, we consider how several health indicators are associated with visits to greenspace to understand the benefits of current greenspace availability within cities. To address potential sorting and sample selection into greenspace use, a structural regression model is estimated within a two-step procedure. We also employ a choice experiment methodology to assess people's preferences for attributes which can be provided in greenspaces. The utility afforded by each attribute is evaluated separately, facilitating an assessment of the potential increase in visitation associated with varying levels of greenspace attributes. Data originated from a survey of Irish citizens. Results indicate that higher levels of visitation to greenspaces are related to better health. Moreover, the attribute preference exploration suggests that number of visits are likely to increase with the provision of specific greenspace attributes, particularly visitor facilities."
"AB One of the greatest threats to widespread diffusion of closed-loop supply chain (CLSC) practices in support of consumer goods is the lack of consumer acceptance of remanufactured products. Although the preponderance of extant CLSC research historically focused on product reclamation and remanufacturing practices, consumer acceptance of remanufactured products is now receiving more attention. However, significant gaps in the literature remain to include examining actual consumer behaviour in the presence of alternative offerings. Using theory of planned behaviour and data gathered from Malaysia, this research addresses these gaps by examining how consumer attitude, subjective norms and perceived behavioural control with regard to purchasing remanufactured products affect consumer intention to purchase remanufactured consumer electronic products. Then, actual purchase behaviour is compared with purchase intentions to determine if consumers followed through with their intentions. Findings suggest that consumers are most apt to purchase energy-efficient offerings regardless of their original intentions."
"AB Purpose - This paper aims to address the different aspects of end-of-life (EOL) aircraft problems and their effects on original manufacturer's supply chain. Aircraft manufacturers, in the greener aviation context, need to care about the footprint of planes at the EOL. Considering the challenges in EOL aircraft recovery, the reverse logistics and green supply chain solutions in the other industrial sections cannot be applied in the aerospace industry. A conceptual framework with four elements, supply chain competency, governance policy, relationship in supply chain and aerospace industry context, provides a basis for assessing the opportunities and challenges of the green supply chain in this industry."
"AB This study evaluates the cost and carbon dioxide-equivalent emissions of different supply chain configurations to determine when suppliers should move to a greener resource-sharing scheme. We build an analytical model based on a case study of a retailer that has developed a resource-sharing initiative introducing collaborative consolidation centres (CCC) between its suppliers and its warehouses (WH). We compare the costs and carbon dioxide-equivalent emissions of using a pair of CCCs with direct delivery to twenty WHs. Our parameters include the distances between suppliers, CCCs, and WHs, in addition to the volumes delivered. This model determines when there should be a switch to the CCC system. We also compare the actual CCC locations with better alternatives, the centres of gravity of the regions. On a real cost basis, economic gains, but not environmental ones, occur, highlighting a need for alternative models for optimal locations, which would include economic and environmental constraints."
"AB Information on the spring growth status of winter forage crops is crucial for evaluating productivity and nutrient management. This study aimed to determine the spring quick growth stage (QGS) of Italian ryegrass using a ground-based camera system. The camera system, installed in two Italian ryegrass fields at the farm of Hiroshima University, captured images automatically three times per day in red, green and blue channels over the growing season in 2012-13. Four presumed color intensities/indices were fitted using a logistic model to construct smoothed time-series data. Among the color intensities/indices, excess green was suggested to be the best parameter for monitoring seasonal changes. The root mean squared error of the estimated phenology dates against plant height was 7.7days for the start-QGS and 2.8days for the end-QGS. These results from a single year should be broadened to examine other methodologies for image processing and extended to multi-year data."
"AB Various sources of biomass contribute significantly in energy production globally given a series of constraints in its primary production. Green biomass sources (such as perennial grasses), yellow biomass sources (such as crop residues), and woody biomass sources (such as willow) represent the three pillars in biomass production by crops. In this paper, we conducted a comprehensive review on research studies targeted to advancements at biomass supply-chain management in connection to these three types of biomass sources. A framework that classifies the works in problem-based and methodology-based approaches was followed. Results show the use of modern technological means and tools in current management-related problems. From the review, it is evident that the presented up-to-date trends on biomass supply-chain management and the potential for future advanced approach applications play a crucial role on business and sustainability efficiency of biomass supply chain."
"AB To meet the specifications of low cost, highly reliable electronic devices, fault diagnosis techniques play an essential role. It is vital to find flaws at an early stage in design, components, material, or manufacturing during the initial phase. This review paper attempts to summarize past development and recent advances in the areas about green manufacturing, maintenance, remaining useful life (RUL) prediction, and like. The current state of the art in reliability research for electronic components, mainly includes failure mechanisms, condition monitoring, and residual lifetime evaluation is explored. A critical analysis of reliability studies to identify their relative merits and usefulness of the outcome of these studies' vis-a-vis green manufacturing is presented. The wide array of statistical, empirical, and intelligent tools and techniques used in the literature are then identified and mapped. Finally, the findings are summarized, and the central research gap is highlighted."
"AB The aim of our study was to investigate the association between health enhancing and threatening, and social and physical aspects of the neighbourhood environment and general practitioner (GP) assessed morbidity of the people living there, in order to find out whether the effects of environmental characteristics add up or modify each other. We combined GP electronic health records with environmental data on neighbourhoods in the Netherlands. Cross-classified logistic multilevel models show the importance of taking into account several environmental characteristics and confounders, as social capital effects on the prevalence of morbidity disappear when other area characteristics are taken into account. Stratification by area socio- economic status, shows that the association between environmental characteristics and the prevalence of morbidity is stronger for people living in low SES areas. In low SES areas, green space seems to alleviate effects of air pollution on the prevalence of high blood pressure and diabetes, while the effects of green space and social capital reinforce each other."
"AB The growing concerns about human pollution has motivated practitioners and researchers to focus on the environmental and social impacts of logistics and supply chains. In this paper, we consider the environmental impact of carbon dioxide emission on a vehicle routing problem with multiple depots. We present a hybrid evolutionary algorithm (HEA) to tackle it by combining a variable neighborhood search and an evolutionary algorithm. The proposed hybrid evolutionary algorithm includes several distinct features such as multiple neighborhood operators, a route-based crossover operator, and a distance- and quality-based population updating strategy. The results from our numerical experiments confirm the e ffectiveness and superiority of the proposed HEA in comparison with the best-performing methods in the literature and the public exact optimization solver CPLEX. Furthermore, an important aspect of the HEA is studied to assess its e ffect on the performance of the HEA."
AB The continuous influence of global warming has profoundly changed the operation mode of the traditional supply chain network. The balance between costs reduction and environmental protection has become an effective attempt to improve sustainable competitiveness for enterprises. This study presents an integration perspective for developing a green and sustainable closed-loop supply chain (CLSC) network under uncertain demand. A bi-objective optimization model is proposed with two objectives for CO2 emissions and total operating cost. Decisions regarding the environmental level and the factors affecting the facilities capacity level have also been considered. The scenario-based method is adopted to represent the uncertain demand in the stochastic programming model. A Lagrangean relaxation method is developed to solve the model. The experimental results demonstrate the validity and efficiency of the proposed model and solution method. Several potentially useful managerial implications are also obtained for practitioners. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
AB The aim of this paper is to establish the existence and global asymptotic behavior of a positive continuous solution for the following semilinear problem:
"AB The biomass supply chain is a multiple-segment chain characterized by prominent complexity and uncertainty, and as such, it requires increased managerial efforts as compared to the case of a single operation management. This paper deals with the supply chain management of green (e.g. grass) biomass. Specifically, three different supply chain systems, in terms of machinery configurations, were analyzed and evaluated in terms of task times and cost performance. By using a functional modeling methodology, the structural representations of the systems, in terms of activities, actions, processes, and operations, were generated and implemented by the ExtendSim (R) simulation software. It was shown that the models can identify the bottlenecks of the systems and can be further used as a decision support system by testing various alternatives, in terms of the resources used and their dimensioning. Finally, the models were evaluated against the sensitivity on input parameters which are known with a level of uncertainty, i.e. the expected yield and the expected machinery performance. (C) 2016 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB Green transportation is becoming relevant in the context of smart cities, where the use of electric vehicles represents a promising strategy to support sustainability policies. However the use of electric vehicles shows some drawbacks as well, such as their limited driving-range capacity. This paper analyses a realistic vehicle routing problem in which both driving-range constraints and stochastic travel times are considered. Thus, the main goal is to minimize the expected time-based cost required to complete the freight distribution plan. In order to design reliable routing plans, a simheuristic algorithm is proposed. It combines Monte Carlo simulation with a multi-start metaheuristic, which also employs biased-randomization techniques. By including simulation, simheuristics extend the capabilities of metaheuristics to deal with stochastic problems. A series of computational experiments are performed to test our solving approach as well as to analyse the effect of uncertainty on the routing plans."
"AB Objective: To identify socioeconomic and contextual factors associated with functional mobility and falls in elderly residents of SAo Paulo, Brazil. Method: We used data from the Health, Well-Being, and Aging (Saude, Bem-estare Envelhecimento [SABE]) Study. The dependent variables were falling in the last year and functional mobility impairment. Individual (marital status, race, education, and perception of income sufficiency) and contextual (green area and violence) factors were analyzed by multilevel logistic models. Results: Having 8 or more years of schooling was a protective factor for mobility impairment. Neighborhoods with moderate homicide rate were associated with higher odds of falling. Moderate green spaces were associated with higher odds of falling and lower odds to have mobility impairment for individuals 80 years and older. Discussion: Our findings support the concern that neighborhood characteristics are associated with falls and mobility impairment. Strategies to prevent these outcomes should consider contextual aspects."
"AB Waste paper from newsprint, a key feedstock for molded pulp trays, is globally deficient due to digital shifts. Hence, the alternative fiber source needs to be explored. The potential use of fiber from oil palm fronds for protective packaging under humid conditions was studied. Fibers were isolated from petioles by sulfate pulping with 30.72% yield. The high alpha-cellulose content (38%) showed valuable for papermaking. Runkle's ratio (0.63), rigidity coefficient (38.46), and slenderness value (100) suggested that the paper would have excellent mechanical properties. Under cold chain logistics, packaging must withstand high humidity and low temperature (90%RH, 12 degrees C). Addition of 1.4% cationic starch and 0.5% AKD significantly enhanced water absorption resistance from 59 to 23250 sec and improved the burst (6.68%) and tensile index (26.47%). The molded pulp trays fabricated from 70% sized frond fibers and 30% OCC fiber provided 7.71% higher compressive strength than neat OCC tray. All physical properties indicated that the as-prepared trays have potential use for protective material. A simulation with green apple demonstrated that the trays were impractical for use with soft-skinned fruit as the dense and rough surface of the packaging. Further study to evaluate cushioning performance for harder skin fruit is, therefore, necessary."
"AB Environmental pollution and resource consumption caused by construction and demolition waste (CDW) have become increasingly serious. As a result, it is urgent to focus on waste recycling, resource conservation, and environmental protection. To reduce environmental pollution and decrease waste disposal costs, this paper employs a reverse logistics network (RLN)-based multiperiod optimization for CDW recycling and disposal. To optimize the CDW disposal process, a dynamic mixed-integer linear programming (MILP) model is proposed to determine the optimal solutions. By making decisions about the disposal process and CDW disposal volumes, the overall network costs are controlled on the premise of protecting the environment. A case study from China is then introduced to demonstrate the effectiveness and efficiency of the proposed MILP model in selecting the disposal processes, determining waste disposal volumes, and controlling total costs. Scenario analyses for the collection and recycling ratios are conducted, and the influence of the government's green tax is considered. Finally, practical policy suggestions are given to guide CDW disposal. The main contribution of this paper is that the learned CDW disposal network could strictly and efficiently regulate CDW recycling and provide a valid political instrument to dispose of CDW that can not only reduce environmental damage and construction activity resource consumption, but also convert the CDW into new construction materials to economically benefit the construction industries."
"AB Under the background of economic globalization, supply chain is becoming more and more complex, which is manifested in the instability of external environment. On the one hand, with the improvement of global environmental protection awareness, the government's policy tools for environmental impact (carbon tax) on the whole supply chain have become one of the major external problems faced by the supply chain enterprises; on the other hand, the intensification of competition between upstream and downstream in supply chains makes supply disruption an important proposition to be solved urgently. In this paper, the two propositions of green and supply disruption are reduced to two factors affecting the cost. The average total cost function of the manufacturer as a recycler is established. The practicability of the algorithm and the effectiveness of the model are verified by Lingo, Particle Swarm Optimization, and Genetic Algorithm, with the purpose of obtaining the optimal strategies for manufacturers who play the role of the recycler in the closed-loop supply chain."
"AB Environmental sustainability was established by the United Nations as a Millennium Development Goal (MDG7), including a wide variety of targets referred to the access to safe drinking water, the reduction of biodiversity loss, the improvement of lives of slum dwellers and the integration of principles of sustainable development into the country policies."
"AB Purpose: Artificial intelligence (AI) can identify the sex of an individual from color fundus photographs (CFPs). However, the mechanism(s) involved in this identification has not been determined. This study was conducted to determine the information in CFPs that can be used to determine the sex of an individual."
"AB This paper presents the design of a fuzzy logic-based traffic scheduling algorithm aimed at reducing traffic congestion for the case of partial obstruction of a bidirectional traffic lane. Such a problem is typically encountered in rail traffic and personal rapid transportation systems with predefined and fixed traffic corridors. The proposed proportional-derivative (PD) fuzzy control algorithm, serving as a traffic control automaton, alternately assigns adaptive green light periods to traffic coming from each direction. The proposed fuzzy logic-based traffic controller has been compared with the conventional traffic control automaton featuring fixed-durations of green light intervals. The comparison has been carried out within a simulation environment for four different probability distributions of stochastic traffic flows at each end of the considered traffic corridor. Results have shown that the proposed fuzzy logic-based traffic controller performance is far superior to that of the conventional traffic control law in terms of achieving shorter vehicle queue lengths and less disparity in queue lengths for all considered simulation scenarios."
"AB Rising focus on solar power and better world environment have set ambitious plans in motion on the amount of solar power generation, worldwide, for the coming years. In the interest of socially responsible use of energy, both developed and developing countries are exploring their potential of going green. However, low solar adoption rates are a cause of pressing concern for some of these countries. This study investigates consumer intentions to adopt solar innovations, with particular empirical interest in the adoption of solar equipment by Indian households. We use a cross-sectional field survey approach to gather relevant data from four most populous cities in India. Structural equation modelling and logistic regression are employed to deduce results by analyzing data from 320 respondents. Building on characteristics from diffusion of innovation theory, this study finds that relative advantage and compatibility strongly influence consumer intentions, and such behavioral intentions have a positive and significant effect on the adoption of solar equipment."
"AB The aim of this research is to consider the issue of sustainability in designing a blood supply chain network by presenting a multi objective mixed integer mathematical programming model that aims to simultaneously minimize the total cost of the supply chain network and the total environmental impacts of the activities of the supply chain network. As the nature of supplying the blood by the donors and also demand for the blood product are uncertain, a robust optimization approach is applied in the model to deal with this type of uncertainty. To convert the proposed multi objective model into a single objective one, the bounded objective function method is used. Then, as the presented mathematical model is a complicated mixed integer linear programming model, an algorithm based on the Lagrangian relaxation approach is proposed to solve the model. At the end, a computational study is done to present the competency of the proposed Lagrangian relaxation algorithm."
"AB Although there are a wealth of publications about sustainability in tourism destination management literature, the concept has only recently started coming under examination within the area of hospitality management. This article's main focus is on capturing the perceptions and practices of hotel management in respect to the concept of three-dimensional sustainability. A literature-based self-administered questionnaire was used and 423 hotels participated in the study. Logistic regression was employed in order to examine four research hypotheses and extract useful findings. The findings suggest that hotel star ratings play a significant role in the perceived importance of financial measures of economic viability, as well as in the application of socially responsible practices by hotel management; the same conclusion does not apply to environmental practices. Furthermore, it was found that hotel location does not play a significant role in shaping perceptions of sustainability dimensions."
"AB The purpose of this article is to study and evaluate the profile of ranchers of beef cattle located in the State of Tocantins. Applied in a first moment a closed questionnaire focused on charting the social profile of the ranchers. Then we applied a questionnaire with open questions in which the ranchers issued their opinion on economic activity, logistics, environmental indicators, animal, pasture and technology. It was adopted the method of saturation to analyze qualitative data, discursive. The study was divided into two steps: data collection, with semi-structured interviews with ranchers in the three regions of the State (North, central and South). In another step they have tabbed the data obtained in the collection and analyzed the profiles of ranchers highlighting its specificities. For the analysis, the ranchers were separated into 3 groups: small, medium and large ranchers. All ranchers analyzed are cattle breeders, who sell directly or indirectly to refrigerators. This article identifies the cattleman profile state of Tocantins and the Green supply chain management system and its competitive edge in the creation of cattle."
"AB Much of the literature has investigated what the most innovative business models are in order to successfully implement circular economy principles within a company. However, the majority of modern companies are still based on traditional business models thus, it is important to study how to get these companies to adopt more circular practices. Data were collected through a questionnaire-based survey of 821 Italian companies. A cluster analysis was performed to classify their current level of implementation of the circular economy principles and a logit regression was carried out to identify the most effective drivers. Five clusters were identified: 1) ""information-oriented companies"" (24%), the best at communication and marketing-related activities, but the worst in relation to all the other aspects; 2) ""linear companies"" (41.6%), those that perform poorly in all five phases; 3) ""green marketers"" (15.5%), which perform well in relation to design, production and consumption; 4) ""optimizers"" (10.6%), which focus more on production and logistics and 5) ""circular companies"" (8.1%), those that register a good performance with respect to all aspects. The bad performers, clusters 1 and 2, also registered the worst economic results in the last three years, whereas the ""circular champions"" reported the best performance. Finally, the logit regression showed that economic drivers were the most effective at encouraging ""linear companies"" to adopt more circular business models. On the other hand, no significant evidence was found of any influence exerted by the drivers related to regulatory pressure, resource exploitation risks, and the pursuit of environmental values. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Growing rates of innovation and consumer demand resulted in rapid accumulation of waste of electrical and electronic equipment or electronic waste (e-waste). In order to build and sustain green cities, efficient management of e-waste rises as a viable response to this accumulation. Accurate e-waste predictions that municipalities can utilize to build appropriate reverse logistics infrastructures gain significance as collecting, recycling and disposing the e-waste become more complex and unpredictable. In line with its significance, the related literature presents several methodologies focusing on e-waste generation forecasting. Among these methodologies, grey modeling approach has aroused interest due to its ability to present meaningful results with small-sized or limited data. In order to improve the overall success rate of the approach, several grey modeling-based forecasting techniques have been proposed throughout the past years. The performance of these models, however, profoundly leans on the parameters used with no established consensus regarding the suitable criteria for better accuracy. To address this issue and to provide a guideline for academicians and practitioners, this paper presents a comparative analysis of most utilized grey modeling methods in the literature improved by particle swarm optimization. A case study employing e-waste data from Washington State is provided to demonstrate the comparative analysis proposed in the study."
"AB Currently, there are three major barriers toward a greener energy landscape in the future: (a) Curtailed grid integration of energy from renewable sources like wind and solar; (b) The low investment attractiveness of large-scale battery energy storage systems; and, (c) Constraints from the existing electric infrastructure on the development of charging station networks to meet the increasing electrical transportation demands. A new conceptual design of mobile battery energy storage systems has been proposed in recent studies to reduce the curtailment of renewable energy while limiting the public costs of battery energy storage systems. This work designs a logistics system in which electric semi-trucks ship batteries between the battery energy storage system and electric vehicle charging stations, enabling the planning and operation of power grid independent electric vehicle charging station networks. This solution could be viable in many regions in the United States (e.g., Texas) where there are plenty of renewable resources and little congestion pressure on the road networks. With Corpus Christi, Texas and the neighboring Chapman Ranch wind farm as the test case, this work implement such a design and analyze its performance based on the simulation of its operational processes. Further, we formulate an optimization problem to find design parameters that minimize the total costs. The main design parameters include the number of trucks and batteries. The results in this work, although preliminary, will be instrumental for potential stakeholders to make investment or policy decisions."
"AB Payments for Ecosystem Services (PES) programs have been implemented in both developing and developed countries to conserve ecosystems and the vital services they provide. These programs also often seek to maintain or improve the economic wellbeing of the populations living in the corresponding (usually rural) areas. Previous studies suggest that PES policy design, presence or absence of concurrent PES programs, and a variety of socioeconomic and demographic factors can influence decisions of households to participate or not in the PES program. However, neighborhood impacts on household participation in PES have rarely been addressed. This study explores potential neighborhood effects on villagers' enrollment in the Grain-to-Green Program (GTGP), one of the largest PES programs in the world, using data from China's Fanjingshan National Nature Reserve. We utilize a fixed effects logistic regression model in combination with the eigenvector spatial filtering (ESF) method to explore whether neighborhood size affects household enrollment in GTGP. By comparing the results with and without ESF, we find that the ESF method can help account for spatial autocorrelation properly and reveal neighborhood impacts that are otherwise hidden, including the effects of area of forest enrolled in a concurrent PES program, gender and household size. The method can thus uncover mechanisms previously undetected due to not taking into account neighborhood impacts and thus provides an additional way to account for neighborhood impacts in PES programs and other studies."
"AB Objective To test how a potential US ban of menthol products or replacement with 'green' products and ads could influence tobacco purchases. Methods US adult menthol smokers (N=1197) were recruited via an online panel and randomly assigned to complete a shopping task in one of four versions (experimental conditions) of the RTI iShoppe virtual store: (1) no ban, (2) replacement of menthol cigarettes and ads with green replacement versions, (3) menthol cigarette ban and (4) all menthol tobacco product ban. Logistic regressions assessed the effect of condition on tobacco purchases. Results Participants in the menthol cigarette ban (OR=0.67, 95% CI 0.48 to 0.92) and all menthol product ban conditions (OR=0.60, 95% CI 0.43 to 0.83) were less likely to purchase cigarettes of any type than participants in the no ban condition. Participants in the green replacement (OR=1.74, 95% CI 1.13 to 2.70), menthol cigarette ban (OR=3.40, 95% CI 2.14 to 5.41) and all menthol product ban conditions (OR=3.14, 95% CI 1.97 to 5.01) were more likely to purchase a cigarette brand different from their usual brand than participants in the no ban condition. Conclusions Our findings suggest that menthol bans could have great public health impact by reducing cigarette purchases. However, tobacco marketing strategies, such as creating green (or other replacement) versions of menthol cigarettes, may undermine public health benefits of a menthol ban by prompting purchases of non-menthol cigarettes. Our findings highlight the importance of taking tobacco marketing tactics into consideration in tobacco product regulation."
"AB Flowering bee lawns integrate low-growing flowers into mowed turfgrass to increase the availability of bee forage. They also maintain many of the aesthetic and recreational functions of the lawns in urban green spaces. Common cultural preferences for uniform, green, grass-monoculture lawns may pose a barrier to widespread adoption of flowering lawns. However, a growing body of literature suggests that there may be a higher degree of acceptance of lawn alternatives, such as grass-free lawns or urban meadows, than previously thought. We examined park visitors' perceptions of flowering lawns at four parks in Minneapolis, U.S. through an on-site questionnaire survey using photos. When first asked, 97.2% of respondents supported implementing flowering lawns in public parks. Informing participants that flowering lawns are designed to provide bee forage had a polarizing effect where strong support increased yet overall support declined slightly. Positive perceptions of bees and of flowering lawn appearance were the only two significant factors associated with support for flowering lawns in both pre- and post-informational intervention logistic regression models. Similarly, aesthetics and benefits to bees were the most frequently stated perceived benefits. When asked about concerns, the most frequent responses were 'no concerns' and 'reduced recreational use of lawns'. For public land managers who wish to add flowering lawns to their suite of green infrastructure options to increase forage availability for bees, our findings suggest there is widespread public support. Public engagement should be carefully crafted to address concerns about flowering lawns and reinforce existing positive perceptions."
AB Objectives: To assess the association between sleep period time and dietary patterns (DPs) in Brazilian schoolchildren aged 7-13 years.
"AB Today, in urban planning, the role of an efficient Supply Chain Management (SCM) system is very important. Also, Green SCN (GSCM) because of its inherent capabilities such as faster delivery of goods and services, reduced latency, increased quality, value-added for customers to supply clean products and improve the organization's economic performance becomes very popular. Recently, GSCM has become one of the most important approaches in supply chain. Supply chain and urban managers through the logistic process try to get benefit from GSCM and improve their environmental performance as a valuable resource. The results of these measures save and eliminate excess energy and reduce operational points that are consistent with the green supply chain. The green supply chain also helps to distribute crops using urban ITS. This research presents a model for assessing the impact of urban ITS, farmers' knowledge and business processes on the success of GSCM systems for urban distribution of an agricultural product. The structural equation modeling method is employed to assess the causal model and to verify its validity and reliability. Also, the evaluation of the consistency and validity of the model is done through a structural equation model. The model and data based on the questionnaire are analyzed using Smart PLS 3.0. The collected results have shown that all the considered factors, urban intelligent transportation system, farmers' knowledge, and business processes play an important role in the success of GSCM for urban distribution of the agricultural product."
"AB The aim of the following paper was to gather current scientific information about the analytical protocols dedicated tomeasuring the content level of short-chain chlorinated paraffins (SCCPs) in various types of environmental samples. Moreover, the data about the basic validation parameters of applied procedures for SCCPs determination are listed. The main issue which is highlighted in the paper is the possibility of the application of green analytical chemistry (GAC) principals in the SCCPs measuring process to reduce the environmental impact of the applied methodology. Analytical methods dedicated to SCCPs determination contain a significant number of steps and require advanced analytical equipment during the quantitative and qualitative analysis. In addition, there is a substantial issue associated with the reliability of the obtained results, especially in the case of the quantification of individual SCCPs in the studied samples. Due to this fact, the paper attempts to discuss the various stages of the analytical procedure, in which appropriate changes in the formula or equipment solutions might be introduced to ensure a better quality of the analytical results, as well as to meet the requirements of the philosophy of green analytical chemistry. The most important case which concerns this subject is finding an optimal consensus between the economic and logistic aspects and the quality and ""greenness"" of the analytical procedure employed in SCCPs determination process. (C) 2019 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB Osteoarthritis (OA) is a considerable health problem worldwide. It is known to be associated with certain occupational risk factors. We examined the prevalence rate of OA by occupational cluster. Data were collected from the Korea National Health and Nutrition Examination Surveys (2010-2013). The total number of unweighted sample size was 9,905 participants: 4,460 men and 5,445 women, and OA prevalence was 5.3% and 18.4% respectively. OA patients were defined as participants with knee/hip joint pain and radiographic change of knee/hip joint. Occupational type was classified as either white, pink, blue, or green collar based on the occupational characteristics following physical demand: white for manager and professionals; pink for clerks and service/sales workers; blue for craft/trade workers, machine operators and assemblers, and elementary manual workers; and green for agricultural/fishery workers. We calculated the odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (95% Cl) for the odds of a participant's having OA according to the occupational cluster, with gender stratification. The multiple logistic regression model showed that, compared to the white collar group, the ORs of the pink, blue, and green collar workers were 1.23 (95% Cl 0.64-2.36), 1.85 (95% CI 1.18-2.88), and 2.91 (95% CI 1.86-4.54), respectively, in males, and 2.53 (95% CI 1.71-3.73), 2.86 (95% CI 1.94-4.21), and 3.90 (95% Cl 2.60-5.83), respectively in females. The prevalence rate of OA was associated with the occupational cluster, in order from highest to lowest: green, blue, pink, and white collar."
"AB Environmental sustainability is nowadays driving firms to not only develop internal green activities, but also extend toward green supply chain management (GSCM). The extensive application of external GSCM by firms can be partially justified from perspective of transaction costs. GSCM practices are often considered to be prudent because studies suggested that such practices have a positive impact on firm performance according to the resource-based view. However, crucial questions still surround the practice-performance relationship. First, what is the overall relationship between GSCM practice and firm performance? Second, under what situations is the relationship stronger or weaker? To answer these questions, this paper focuses on quantitatively analyzing extant literature published in the field of GSCM. A random-effects meta-analysis is used to synthesize the empirical results of 54 selected literature with 245 effect sizes. Besides, subgroup analysis and meta-regression are applied to test potential moderators that may influence the strength of practice-performance relationship. We find that, internal and external GSCM practices are positively related, and they are both positively related to firm performance. Particularly, their relationship with environmental (r = 0.518) performance is the largest, followed by operational (r = 0.481) and economic (r = 0.464) performance. In addition, test of moderators discovers that industry type, ISO certification, export orientation and the cultural dimension of uncertainty avoidance all have moderating effect on the practice-performance relationship. Discussions and limitations are further addressed. (C) 2018 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB BackgroundALK gene rearrangement is an important class of gene mutations in pulmonary adenocarcinoma. ALK-positive pulmonary adenocarcinoma exhibits characteristic histological features, such as signet ring cell carcinoma (SRCC) and a mucinous cribriform structure. However, when insufficient histological specimens are obtained, ALK-positivity must be predicted based on cytological features. The purpose of this study was to clarify the cytological characteristics of ALK-positive pulmonary adenocarcinoma."
"AB This paper aims to present a multi-product, five-echelon green supply chain network for an automotive company. The proposed green supply chain network consists of various echelons including suppliers, storages, plants, distribution centers, and customers. The first objective of the problem in this study is to minimize transportation and construction costs, and the second objective is to minimize the carbon dioxide emissions during the transportation process across all echelons of the supply chain. The proposed model considers construction of new centers by creating a balance between transportation and construction costs. The model is first validated on a small-scale instance problem, and then, it is solved using the weighted method. Further, the Pareto optimal solution of the model is obtained. Due to the NP-hardness of the problems, the studied case is solved with two meta-heuristic methods of NSGA II and SPEA II on large-scale instance problems and the Taguchi method is utilized to set the parameters of these two meta-heuristic algorithms. Moreover, the priority-based method is used to encode the bi-objective model. The minimum capacity constraint is also considered in designing the meta-heuristic algorithm and a new repairing algorithm is proposed in order to prevent the model from producing infeasible solutions. Several sample problems are created to evaluate the performance of the proposed meta-heuristic algorithms. Finally, the results of the proposed algorithms are compared to each other using some performance measures. The results indicate the superiority of the SPEA II over NSGA II in terms of all comparison metrics."
AB Objectives: Modifiable risk factors for knee osteoarthritis (OA) have not been studied in detail. This study aimed to determine lifestyle-related modifiable factors of symptomatic knee osteoarthritis in an East Asian population.
AB Objectives To investigate the association between tea drinking and dysmenorrhoea among women of reproductive age.
AB Purpose Performance assessment of green supply chain management (GSCM) requires a systematic approach because of its interdisciplinary and multi-objective nature. The purpose of this paper is to propose a model to the performance assessment of GSCM.
"AB Goal: The tourism sector always plays a vital role among other sectors, which contributes heavily to Thailand's GDP. Due to the recent Pandemic crises, the tourism industry worldwide faces a decline. The aim of writing this paper is to forecast, tourist inflow for Thailand for the next nine months by using ARIMA forecasting"
"AB Some beverages and smoking cause an inflammatory response in the lungs and airways in a similar way, ultimately affecting chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) occurrence. Using a nationally representative health survey database, this study investigates the individual and joint effects of consumption of different beverages and smoking on COPD. This study is a cross-sectional analysis of 15,961 Korean adults in the Korea National Health and Nutritional Examination Survey of 2008-2015. COPD was defined as forced expiratory volume in 1 s (FEV1) divided by forced vital capacity (FVC) <0.70. We used multiple linear and logistic regression models to examine the association of beverage consumption and smoking with an FEV1/FVC ratio and odds ratio (OR) for COPD. The mean FEV1/FVC ratio decreased with increasing soda intake (p = 0.016), coffee intake (p = 0.031), and smoking status; however, the mean FEV1/FVC ratio increased with increasing green tea intake frequency (p = 0.029). When soda intake increased to 10 times/month, the OR of having COPD increased to 1.04 times (95% CI: 1.01, 1.07). The positive joint effect of soda intake and smoking on COPD was marginally significant (p = 0.058). We found that soda intake, coffee intake, and smoking increased airflow limitation while green tea intake decreased it. In addition, soda intake and smoking had a positive joint effect on COPD in the Korean population."
"AB Background: Environmentally sustainable solutions are entering the domain of logistics. More and more frequently do we hear of sustainable or ""green"" warehouses, although the scale and scope of implementations in specific investments is not incomparable, and the adjective ""green"" is added rather for marketing, not utility-related, purposes. Furthermore, it is difficult to confront implemented solutions differently than with the use of evaluations dedicated to broadly-understood sustainable buildings. In order to identify the solutions, it is necessary to prepare a key for their division first. Identification, classification, popularisation and, in the long-run, implementation of sustainable solutions in warehouse management requires them to be organised."
"AB This study examined the prevalence and clustering patterns of pro-environmental behaviors that are conducive to socially and environmentally sustainable living among Canadians. Cross-sectional data from the 2015 Households and the Environment Survey (HES) were used. Prevalence was calculated by province and each pro-environmental behavior. Observed/expected prevalence ratios were computed to assess clustering patterns and logistic regression analyses were performed to examine the pairwise associations. Among 8816 Canadian households, prevalence of engaging in pro-environmental behaviors ranked as the following: engaging in green consumer behavior (88%), composting food/yard waste (84%), being active outdoors (82%), gardening (72%), and recycling electronics (45%). While only 14% engaged in <= 2 pro-environmental behaviors, 25.1% of Canadians engaged in all pro-environmental behaviors. By province, British Columbia was the greenest province (81%), followed by Ontario (77%) and Nova Scotia (76.9%) while the least green provinces were Newfoundland and Labrador (62.9%), Saskatchewan (69.2%), and New Brunswick (68%). The most apparent clustering of behaviors was found between recycling electronics and gardening (Observed/Expected: 3.65, 95% CI: 1.98-5.32). Pairwise associations between any two pro-environmental behaviors were statistically significant for all possible combinations (Odds ratios ranged 1.23-2.24). Prevalence of engaging in different sets of pro-environmental behaviors varied greatly by province. Sub-optimal clustering of pro-environmental behaviors and varying pairwise synergetic associations were observed in Canadian households. To promote more holistic, sustainable lifestyles and create sociocultural environments that are conducive to the environment in the era of climate change, future work should investigate barriers and opportunities in adopting more pro-environmental behaviors in Canadian households."
"AB Urban green space (UGS) is critical to both physical and mental health of older adults. While older adults tend to live in cities rather in rural areas for better social support, their usage and perception of UGS in high-density areas have not been widely studied. The present study aims to investigate the inter-relationships between older adults' perception and usage of UGS, as well as how the perception and usage of UGS are related to older adults' self-rated health in three different types of UGS in Hong Kong, namely green spaces in public housing estates, street parks and district parks. A total of 462 UGS users aged >= 60 in Hong Kong were interviewed about their usage pattern, perception on facilities, aesthetics, accessibility and safety aspects of UGS, and their health conditions, using the SF12v2 Health Survey. Binomial logistic regression shows that perceived proximity to UGS is associated with frequency of visit and duration of stay. Longer exposure to UGS is also associated with better perceived physical and mental well-being. Influences on usage of UGS, however, is not limited to physical attributes of the space. Design and management of UGS can take into account the results of this research, to create a better environment for elderly in high density area. Future research on UGS should also focus on factors outside the geographic boundary of the space, characteristics of the community and cultural reasons could be influential to users' behaviour and experience."
"AB Green space and vegetation may play a protective role against urban violence. We investigated whether being near urban tree cover during outdoor activities was related to being assaulted with a gun. We conducted geographic information systems-assisted interviews with boys and men aged 10-24 years in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, including 135 patients who had been shot with a firearm and 274 community controls, during 2008-2011. Each subject reported a step-by-step mapped account of where and with whom they traveled over a full day from waking until being assaulted or going to bed. Geocoded path points were overlaid on mapped layers representing tree locations and place-specific characteristics. Conditional logistic regressions were used to compare case subjects versus controls (case-control) and case subjects at the time of injury versus times earlier that day (case-crossover). When comparing cases at the time of assault to controls matched at the same time of day, being under tree cover was inversely associated with gunshot assault (odds ratio (OR) = 0.70, 95% confidence interval (CI): 0.55, 0.88), especially in low-income areas (OR = 0.69, 95% CI: 0.54, 0.87). Case-crossovermodels confirmed this inverse association overall (OR = 0.55, 95% CI: 0.34, 0.89) and in low-income areas (OR = 0.54, 95% CI: 0.33, 0.88). Urban greening and tree cover may hold promise as proactive strategies to decrease urban violence."
"AB In green economy, the concepts like sustainable design, green products, clean technologies, eco-friendly processes have pushed the organizations to opt for change management initiatives, to accomplish sustainable development. Organizational sustainability has been defined using a triple bottom concept that addresses environmental issues, economic aspects, and social concerns. In this sense, it becomes imperative for organizations to evaluate the role of human, operational and technological aspects for setting sustainable business practices in a supply chain context. Sustainable operational practices will deliver the products to the society having zero defects and zero effect to the environment. Therefore, the present study targets to extend the change management initiatives to operations and supply management practices in the leading home appliances companies in India. The study identifies the key factors to sustainable operations management based on human-operational-technological aspects underpinned by literature and expert's agreement. The study proposes to use a fuzzy based Analytic Hierarchy Process and Decision Making Trial and Evaluation Laboratory techniques to prioritize the factors as well as evaluate the cause and effect relationships among factors. This study can facilitate managers to employ change management initiatives in adopting sustainability oriented human-operational-technological management practices and delivering the sustainable development goals of responsible consumption and production and affordable and clean energy in industrial supply chains. Finally, the recommendations to managers and directions for further research have been highlighted. (C) 2018 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Objectives: To investigate the current prevalence of open access (OA) in the field of dentistry, the means used to provide OA, as well as the association between OA and citation counts."
"AB This study aims to identify the most accurate prediction model for the possibility of victory from the annual average data of 25 seasons (1993-2017) of the Ladies Professional Golf Association (LPGA), and to determine the importance of the predicting factors. The four prediction models considered in this study were a decision tree, discriminant analysis, logistic regression, and artificial neural network analysis. The mean difference in the classification accuracy of these models was analyzed using SPSS 22.0 software (IBM Corp., Armonk, NY, USA) and the one-way analysis of variance (ANOVA). When the prediction was based on technical variables, the most important predicting variables for determining victory were greens in regulation (GIR) and putting average (PA) in all four prediction models. When the prediction was based on the output of the technical variables, the most important predicting variable for determining victory was birdies in all four prediction models. When the prediction was based on the season outcome, the most important predicting variables for determining victory were the top 10 finish% (T10) and official money. A significant mean difference in classification accuracy was observed while performing the one-way ANOVA, and the least significant difference post-hoc test showed that artificial neural network analysis exhibited higher accuracy than the other models, especially, for larger data sizes. From the results of this study, it can be inferred that the player who wants to win the LPGA should aim to increase GIR, reduce PA, and improve driving distance and accuracy through training to increase the birdies chance at each hole, which can lead to lower average strokes and increased possibility of being within T10."
"AB Although tea consumption has been reported to have various health benefits in humans, its association with health-related quality of life (HRQOL) has not been investigated directly. We aimed to examine the relationship between tea consumption and HRQOL among older Chinese adults."
"AB This paper addresses a supply chain situation, in which a company distributes commodities over a selected subset of customers while a manufacturer produces the commodities demanded by the customers. The distributor company has two objectives: the maximization of the profit gained by the distribution process and the minimization of CO2 emissions. The latter is important due to the regulations imposed by the government. A compromise between both objectives exists, since profit maximization only will attempt to include as many customers as possible. But, longer routes will be needed, causing more CO2 emissions. The manufacturer aims to minimize its manufacturing and shipping costs. Since a predefined hierarchy between both companies exists in the supply chain, a bi-level programming approach is employed. This problem is modelled as a bi-level programming problem with two objectives in the upper level and a single objective in the lower level. The upper level is associated with the distributor, while the lower level is associated with the manufacturer. Due to the inherent complexity to optimally solve this problem, a heuristic scheme is proposed. A nested bi-objective tabu search algorithm is designed to obtain non-dominated bi-level feasible solutions regarding the upper level. Considering simultaneously both objectives of the distributor allow us to focus on the minimization of CO2 emissions caused by the supply chain, but bearing in mind the distributor's profit. Numerical experimentation shows that the Pareto frontiers obtained by the proposed algorithm provide good alternatives for the decision-making process and also, some managerial insights are given."
"AB Removal of infertile eggs could increase the efficiency of commercial hatcheries by saving space, ensuring the hatching rate, and decreasing costs. In this study, an LED-based candling system was designed to automatically judge egg fertility by measuring photo-resistance, which was converted into the relative absorptivity (RA) of light through the egg. In the first experiment, 85 eggs were used to test LEDs of six different colors (red, yellow, green, blue, warm white, and cold white) during days 0 to 13 of incubation. In the second experiment, 170 eggs were detected with warm white LEDs during days 0 to 10 of incubation to further study whether egg parameters (weight, dimensions, and shell color) affected the accuracy of logistic regression. The detection results of the first experiment indicated that the RA of fertile eggs increased rapidly throughout the first 13 days of incubation, while the RA of infertile eggs increased little. Comparing the detection results for all LEDs, it was found that the warm white LEDs achieved the best results, with an accuracy of 94.9% on day 7. The second experiment showed that the RA was negatively correlated with the L* value (lightness or darkness) and positively correlated with the a* value (color in the red or green direction). Furthermore, on most days of incubation, the results of logistic regression combined with the egg parameters produced higher accuracy than the results without egg parameters. The accuracy was 100% on day 10. This study provides an automatic and non-destructive method to discriminate fertile eggs from infertile eggs for current hatcheries."
"AB The main objective of this paper is to propose a method for the evaluation and selection of green suppliers for the Brazilian furniture industry. In order to achieve this goal, this study identifies environmental criteria for use in assessing and selecting green suppliers of the furniture industry; then, the study directs readers towards a successful implementation of GSCM practices. The proposed methodology uses a hybrid Entropy-TOPSIS-F framework to weight the criteria and select the supplier with the best environmental performance. The fuzzy approach is integrated with Shannon's Entropy and the TOPSIS method to deal with uncertainty in the decision-making process. To show the applicability and results of the proposed framework, we collected 32 experts' information from the furniture industry about the environmental criteria that are more suitable for evaluation and selection of suppliers in this sector. A real case involving the evaluation, based on the defined criteria, of three potential suppliers by three managers of a furniture industry was discussed. According to the findings, ""Management Commitment to GSCM"", ""Ecodesign"" and ""Environmental management system"" are the first three criteria in the ranking of selection of sustainable suppliers. In addition, of the three potential suppliers of the case, supplier A(1) presented superior environmental performance. A sensitivity analysis is performed to test the stability of the Entropy-TOPSIS-F approach and to verify the robustness of the proposed framework. (C) 2018 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Purpose The purpose of this paper is to facilitate green supply chain (GSC) managers and planners to model and access GSC risks and probable failures. This paper proposes to use the fuzzy failure mode and effects analysis (FMEA) approach for assessing the risks associated with GSC for benchmarking the performance in terms of effective GSC management adoption and sustainable production. Design/methodology/approach Initially, different failure modes are defined using FMEA analysis, and in order to decide the risk priority, the risk priority number (RPN) is determined. Such priority numbers are typically acquired from the judgment decisions of experts that could contain the element of vagueness and imperfection due to human biases, and it may lead to inaccuracy in the process of risk assessment in GSC. In this study, fuzzy logic is applied to conventional FMEA to overcome the issues in assigning RPNs. A plastic manufacturer GSC case exemplar of the proposed model is illustrated to present the authenticity of this method of risk assessment. Findings Results indicate that the failure modes, given as improper green operating procedure, i.e. process, operations, etc. (R6), and green issues while closing the loop of GSC (R14) hold the highest RPN and FRPN scores in classical as well as fuzzy FMEA analysis. Originality/value The present research work attempts to propose an evaluation framework for risk assessment in GSC. This paper explores both sustainable developments and risks related to efficient management of GSC initiatives in a plastic industry supply chain context. From a managerial perspective, suggestions are also provided with respect to each failure mode."
"AB Today, the Logistic equations are widely applied to simulate the population growth across a range of fields, chiefly, demography and ecology. Based on an assumption that growth-regulating factors within the Logistic model, namely, the rate of increase (r) and carrying capacity (K), can be considered as the functions reflecting the combination of the organism- and environment-specific parameters, here, we discussed the possible application of modified synthetic Logistic equations to the simulation of the changes in (1) population (density per volume) of photosynthetically growing free-living algae and (2) size (mass per individual) of higher plants, by newly composing r value as a function reflecting the photosynthetic activities. Since higher plants are multi-cellular organisms, a novel concept for the carrying capacity K must also be introduced. We brought the a priori assumption that information sharing amongst cells strongly influences the physiology of multi-cellular structures eventually defining the maximum size of plants, into view. A simplest form of 'synthetic organism' conformed to test this assumption is a linear chain of cells, and the first physiological phenomenon, modeled in this way, is growth. This combination of information flow along a chain, with exponential growth, produces a simple allotropic relationship. This relationship is compared with results for plants and is found to have excellent predictive power. This theory shows that fast-growing organisms, or multicellular structures, remain small, because of their inability to share information sufficiently quickly and, also, predicts determinate growth. The success of this simple model suggests, firstly, that the inclusion of information flows in theoretical physiology models, which have been, to date, dominated by energetic or metabolic assumptions, will be improved by incorporating information flows. Secoyndly, the application of more complex information theories, such as those of Shannon, to biological sstems will offer deep insights into the mechanisms and control of intercellular communication."
"AB Rooftop-farming technologies can transform unexploited roofs into agricultural areas; and though studies have quantified the sustainability of diverse rooftop-farm systems, researchers lack a direct comparison between these farms using a unified sustainability index. Therefore the proposed bottom-up model aims to quantify the sustainability of rooftop-farm technologies application in school building stocks, thus permitting an objective comparison and ultimately selection of the best-fitted farm system. This model handles large building samples by combining Statistical Mining Techniques with the Integrated Value Model for Sustainability Assessment. It uses data on the economic, environmental and social aspects of the farms, and relates them to the technical limitations and functionality found in the host buildings. The model has three consecutive stages: 1) in the City Stage reference buildings are identified from the stock, 2) the Building Information Stage determines the logistics and infrastructure requirements; and, 3) the Farm Technology Stage quantifies the farms' sustainability. This model was used to assess the potential implementation of three rooftop-farms (edible-green roofs, rooftop greenhouses and integrated rooftop greenhouses) in the primary school stock in Quito, Ecuador. Two reference buildings represented the primary school stock of the city; and, in both typologies, edible-green roofs obtained the highest sustainability values of 0.62 and 0.65. The environmental pillar was the most discriminant in which green-roofs achieved twice the sustainability values for the rooftop-greenhouses due to their larger rainwater harvesting capacity, thermal resistance and contribution to the increment of urban greenspaces. (C) 2020 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB A large prospective cohort study in the United States examined the association between coffee intake and overall and cause-specific mortality and showed a inverse association between pneumonia and influenza deaths and coffee intake. In Japan, the mortality rate of pneumonia in elderly people is high, and its prevention is an important issue. The present study investigated the association between coffee and green tea intake and pneumonia among the elderly. The design was a hospital-based case control study. The cases were patients over 65 years old newly diagnosed as pneumonia. As a control, patients with the same sex and age (range of 5 years) who visited the same medical institution around the same time (within 2 months after examination of the case) for a disease other than pneumonia were selected. There were two controls per case. Odds ratio (OR) and 95% confidence interval (CI) for pneumonia of coffee and green tea intake during the past month were calculated using a conditional logistic regression model. A total of 199 cases and 374 controls were enrolled. When compared to those who do not drink coffee, the OR for pneumonia of those who drink less than one cup of coffee per day was 0.69 (95% CI 0.39-1.21), OR of those who drink one cup was 0.67 (0.38-1.18), and OR of those who drink two or more cups was 0.50 (0.28-0.88) (Trend p=0.024). No association was found between pneumonia and green tea consumption. This study suggested a preventive association between coffee intake over 2 cups per day and pneumonia in the elderly."
"AB Coastal wetlands are among the most productive ecosystems globally but have experienced dramatic degradation and loss within the past several decades. Vegetation biomass of coastal wetlands is not only the key component of blue carbon storage but also plays an important role in vertical accretion, important for maintaining these habitats under relative sea-level rise. Remote sensing offers a cost-effective approach to study vegetation biomass at a broad spatial scale. We developed statistical models to predict peak aboveground green biomass of Spartina alterniflora and Juncus roemerianus, two dominant species of salt marshes using WorldView-2 satellite imagery at the Grand Bay National Estuarine Research Reserve (NERR) on the Mississippi coast in the northern Gulf of Mexico. The model accounted for nested data structures in the sampled biomass, assimilated uncertainties from data, parameters and model structures, and helped determine the best vegetation index among a variety of commonly-used indices to predict aboveground green biomass. We developed a series of mixed-effects models, which included different combinations of fixed effect(s), random intercept, and random slope(s). The fixed effects were species and one of the 60 vegetation indices derived from a WorldView-2 image obtained on 6 October 2012. The random effect used was site. We implemented the models in a Bayesian framework and selected the best model structure and vegetation index based on minimum posterior predictive loss and deviance information criterion. The results showed that the best vegetation index to predict peak green biomass was the green chlorophyll index derived from the reflectance values of band 8 (near-infrared) and band 3 (green), and its effect on biomass prediction varied among sites. The inclusion of species as a fixed effect improved the model prediction. The study demonstrated the need to account for spatial dependence of data in developing a robust model, and the importance of the second WorldView-2 near-infrared band (860-1040nm) in predicting aboveground green biomass for the Grand Bay NERR. The analysis using mixed-effects modeling in Bayesian inference which coherently combined field and WorldView-2 data with uncertainties accounted for provides a robust and nondestructive tool for resource managers to monitor the status of coastal wetlands at a high spatial resolution in a timely manner. Through this study, we hope to emphasize the importance of appropriately accounting for nested data structures using mixed-effects models and promote wider application of Bayesian inference to facilitate assimilation of uncertainties in remote sensing applications."
"AB With new global regulations on supply chains (SCs), sustainable regulation mechanisms have become subject to controversy. The intention is to create and expand green and sustainable supply chains (SSC) to meet environmental and economic standards and to boost one's position in competitive markets. This study examines the resilient sustainable reverse logistics network (RLN) process for end-of-life vehicles (ELVs) in Iran. We pursue both actual and uncertain situations that possess big data characteristics (3 V's) in information between facilities of the proposed reverse logistics (RL), and we consider recycling technology due to its societal impacts. Due to unpredictable environmental and social factors, the various proposed network facilities may not utilize their full capacity, so we also consider situations in which the network facility capacity is disrupted. Our primary objective is to minimize the total cost of the resilient sustainable RLN. For most parameters, finding the best solution through traditional methods is time-consuming and costly. Hence, to enhance decision-making power, the value of model parameters in each scenario is considered. A Cross-Entropy (CE) algorithm with basic scenario concepts is used in robust model optimization. The results demonstrate that changing the scenario situation significantly impacts optimal environmental and social costs. In particular, when the situation is ""pessimistic,"" environmental impact costs are at their highest levels. Hence, scenario-based modeling of the network is a good approach to implement under uncertainty conditions. On the other hand, results show that cost savings for organizations are achieved through optimal planning of the centers' capacity to save cost, increase services, and ensure effective government response to cost-effective and instrumental market competition."
"AB Conventional wisdom holds that the circular economy will provide a sustainable pathway to economic growth. Advocates of circularity insist that maintaining economic growth, while simultaneously reducing both inputs of materials and outputs of waste, entails closing material streams in cities. This article examines the roots and legacy of these prescriptions in environmental policymaking. It argues that the circular economy represents a regime of eco-accumulation in which waste is main resource of production and consumption. Focusing on the legacy of circular economy policies in the Netherlands and Amsterdam, the article provides an account of the building of a nationwide green-growth urban agenda underpinned by the valorization of waste. It dissects three social, economic, and institutional processes and factors through which circularity takes shape: (a) the reconfiguration of the multi-level structure through which waste processing has been governed; (b) the promotion of a city-regional economy of micro-logistics and industrial manufacturing for waste materials; and (c) the centrality of households in producing and consuming waste in the urban environment. The article concludes by questioning the limits of an economy dependent on waste."
"AB During the last decade, reverse logistics networks have grown dramatically within many supply chains in different industries. Several evolving factors including economic climate, green image, environment protection laws and social respolities force companies to revise their strategies. In this paper, a tire forward and reverse supply chain is designed, and a multi-objective, multi-period, multi-product mixed integer linear programming model considering uncertainty is developed. Moreover, a novel idea of integrating customer relationship management concept and supply chain management is proposed and incorporated into the mathematical modeling framework. The proposed scenario-based multi-objective model is then solved following robust optimization and revised multi-choice goal programming approaches. In order to discuss the managerial implications of the model and its results, the realization rates of the objectives, considering their importance to the supply chain, are illustrated. The model is implemented in LINGO 9 software package and solved utilizing the branch-and-bound method. The results demonstrate the applicability of the model in real world situations."
"AB The goal of this paper is to evaluate the supply of sugarcane to mills and also the supply of green harvesting residues to second-generation ethanol plants under three different strategies: chopping, baling and integral harvesting. A dynamic model was developed in order to simulate the biomass flow along the main activities within sugar-ethanol supply chain. Weather, geographical and operational constraints were considered for calculating the biomass availability. The model is able to quantify the production of sugar and first-generation ethanol from mills, electricity surplus from co-generation and second generation ethanol with the aim of evaluating operational, economic and environmental indicators. In this study it was found that the integral harvesting is the best strategy for supply the residues in terms of cost (5.90 USD/dry t), energy inputs (56.89 MJ/dry t) and carbon emissions (4.18 kg CO2/dry t). The low resources utilization due to the inappropriate harvest-load-transport synchronization creates bottlenecks that decrease the system throughput, leaving the door open for further improvements. (C) 2018 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Background: The current political agenda aims to promote active environments and physical activity while commuting to work, but research on it has provided mixed results. This study examines whether the proximity of green space and people's residence in different travel-related urban zones contributes to commuting physical activity."
"AB The current industrial constraints on production systems, especially availability problems are complicating maintenance managers' mission and making longer and further performance improvement process. Dealing with these problems in a wiser managerial vision respecting sustainability dimensions would be more efficient to optimize all resources. In this paper, and after addressing the lean/sustainability challenge in a the literature to define main research orientations and critical points in manufacturing and then maintenance specific context, two case studies have been conducted in two production systems in Morocco and Canada, within the objective to set a clearer scene of the lean philosophy implementation in maintenance and within the sustainability scope from an empirical perspective. To activate the social dimension being often non-integrated in the lean/sustainability initiatives, the article authors reveal an original research direction assigning maintenance logistics as the leading part of our approach to cover all sustainability dimensions. Furthermore, its management is discussed for the first time in a sustainable framework, where the authors propose a new model considering the lean/sustainable perspective and inspired by the rich Human-Machine interaction memory to solve daily maintenance problems exploiting the operators' experience feedback."
"AB Growing interest surrounds how sustainable practices can be incorporated into a company's supply base. A growing stream of research has examined how companies can incorporate ""green"" criteria into their supplier selection decisions. This research focuses on a specialized supplier selection decision: transportation carriers. Trucking companies in particular are under pressure to reduce their environmental footprint and improve working conditions for their drivers. As such, the purpose of this research is to explore how carriers' environmental and social sustainability performance influence shippers' selection decisions and trust perceptions. Two scenario-based experiments were conducted to understand whether shippers incorporate the environmental and social sustainability performance of carriers into the selection decision. The carrier selection decision was characterized by a long-term arrangement in study one and a short-term arrangement in study two, and both studies controlled for the economic dimension so that the distinct effects of the social and environmental dimensions could be isolated. The results find that environmental and social dimensions of sustainability play differential roles in short-term and long-term carrier selection decisions, with environmental dimensions playing a more significant role in long-term selection decisions and social dimensions playing a more significant role in short-term selection decisions. The findings offer a more nuanced theoretical understanding of sustainable carrier selection decisions and practical guidance for practitioners and policymakers."
"AB Closed-loop supply chain network (CLSCN) design aims to incorporate environmental considerations into the traditional supply chain design by including recycling, disassembly and reuse activities. A CLSCN incorporates the use and reuse of environmentally friendly products and materials supported by the design of an appropriate recovery, disassembly, and refurbishing network. In the design process, a trade-off must often be made between the need to maximize profit and maximize greenness. The latter is considered for several reasons including regulatory requirements, corporate responsibility and corporate image. In this paper, a bi-objective mixed integer programming model is developed and solved for a forward/reverse logistic network including three echelons in the forward direction (suppliers, assembly centers and customer zones) and two echelons in the reverse direction (disassembly and recycling center). A set of Pareto optimal solutions is obtained to show the trade-off between the profit and the greenness objectives. Some useful managerial insights are developed through various computational experiments. (C) 2015 The Society of Manufacturing Engineers. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB The port governance mode is divided into port spatial structure and information construction. Through the optimization of port governance mode, improving trade efficiency and smooth information of port waterway, it is the basis of orderly promotion of waterway transportation, which is closely related to the development of port waterway hub, establishes a perfect port engineering information system, and realizes the construction of customer group of port spatial structure management project. To realize the integrated development of customer informatization and the informatization level of port spatial structure management project, the whole operation quality and efficiency of port spatial structure management project are directly related to the whole operation quality of port spatial structure governance project. Therefore, port units should increase the investment in information construction and promote the smooth realization of the goal of information construction. We will continue to deepen the work of energy conservation and emission reduction in the port industry. To complete the task of port energy saving and emission reduction and to ensure the realization of the goal of energy saving and emission reduction, the most fundamental thing is to establish a long-term mechanism for the development of low-carbon green ports, promote the benign interaction between ports and foreign trade, and actively expand the service depth of the hinterland economy. Further strengthen the cooperation between Beijing, Tianjin and Hebei port groups, realize the optimal allocation of cargo source structure, constantly increase port logistics infrastructure investment, especially container terminal investment, constantly optimize and enhance the port logistics industry, develop modern new port logistics, speed up the transformation and upgrading of port logistics, and promote the mutual promotion of port economy and foreign trade. The analysis shows that the adoption of optimized seaport governance model can promote trade growth."
"AB The building construction wastes seriously polluted the environment; building construction wastes and the recycling of green packaging materials are the important link of environment protection and sustainable development. The building construction wastes have complicated composition. Some of them can be recycled by simply sorting, but most urban building construction wastes require special separation or reprocessing. Therefore, building an efficient and practical building construction wastes multilevel utilization recycling system to resolve the recycling problems of building construction wastes is meaningful. By systematically analyzing the grading recycling system of building construction wastes, this article uses systems engineering, logistics theory, resources recycling science, management science, and other related methods and knowledge to establish a novel nonlinear programming (LP) intelligence planning analysis model for a complex reverse logistics transportation system composed of three-level recycling parts of the building construction wastes, and applies a practical example to propose the solving method of new models based on genetic algorithms and LINGO software. The presented new model and its detailed solving method can help us find the best recycling scheme from urban building construction wastes, and it has great significance for the sustainable development in building construction enterprises."
"AB The pharmaceutical industry is very important in delivering life-saving products/services to society. There are many ways for materials/products/services concerned with pharmaceuticals to influence the environment; these include improper disposal of pills/tablets by patients, expired and unused medications, improper release of drugs by pharmacies or household sewage mixed with surplus drugs. In view of this, the present work seeks to integrate green supply chain (GSC) concepts in the pharmaceutical sector in a developing economy Indian context. In so doing, managers need to determine the potential risks in adopting GSC initiatives to achieve sustainability in operational perspectives. In this sense, this work seeks to distinguish the potential risks in adopting GSC initiatives within the pharmaceutical industry. This work uses a literature review and fuzzy Delphi approach in finalising the risks. This research also uses fuzzy Analytical Hierarchy Process (AHP) for prioritisation of the risks under vague and unclear surroundings. According to the findings, cold chain technology and supply risks categories are highly prioritised. This work can assist practising managers and government authorities in effectively developing and managing GSC initiatives in line with sustainable development goals in the context of the pharmaceutical industry. Finally, a sensitivity test is applied to evaluate the stability of ranking of risks."
"AB The capability and mechanism of a model azo dye, C.I. Basic Red 46 removal by phycocyanin extraction residue of Spirulina platensis were investigated in this study. The biosorption data were analyzed using Freundlich, Langmuir, and Dubinin-Radushkevich (D-R) isotherm models. Langmuir model was more adequate to represent the data of biosorption equilibrium. The dye biosorption capacity was obtained as 23.06mgg(-1) for the biosorbent. The dye removal potential of phycocyanin-extracted biomass was very close to that of the virgin alga (25.46mgg(-1)). D-R model displayed that the dye was probably to be removed mainly via physical biosorption. The pseudo-first-order, pseudo-second-order, logistic, and intraparticle diffusion models were used for the evaluation of biosorption kinetics. The logistic model presented the best fit to the experimental kinetic data. The intraparticle diffusion model showed that this biosorption process was a complex process involving more than one mechanism. Thus, this waste microalga biomass can be used as a low-cost biosorbent for dye removal."
"AB Designing Green Supply Chains (GSCs) requires complex decision-support models that can deal with multiple dimensions of sustainability while taking into account specific characteristics of products and their supply chain. Multi-Criteria Decision Making (MCDM) approaches can be used to quantify trade-offs between economic, social, and environmental criteria i.e. to identify green production options. The aim of this paper is to review the use of MCDM approaches for designing efficient and effective GSCs. We develop a conceptual framework to find relevant publications and to categorise papers with respect to decision problems, indicators, and MCDM approaches. The analysis shows that (1) the use of MCDM approaches for designing GSCs is a rather new but emerging research field, (2) most of the publications focus on production and distribution problems, and there are only a few inventory models with environmental considerations, (3) the majority of papers assume all data to be deterministic, (4) little attention has been given to minimisation of waste, (5) numerous indicators are used to account for eco-efficiency, indicating the lack of standards. This study, therefore, identifies the need for more multi-criteria models for real-life GSCs, especially with inclusion of uncertainty in parameters that are associated with GSCs."
AB Adult emerald ash borers are attracted to green prism traps baited with the ash host volatile (3Z)-hexenol and the sex pheromone of emerald ash borer (3Z)-dodecen-12-olide [(3Z)-lactone]. Quantifying the heretofore unknown range of attraction of such traps would help optimize deployment strategies for early detection.
"AB The importance of natural environments (NEs) for physical activity (PA) has been studied extensively. However, there is scant evidence to explain the motivational processes underlying the NE-PA relation. The aim of this study was to investigate the NE-PA relation using an ecological framework, focusing on perception of NEs, childhood experiences and possible intra- and inter-individual mediators. Data were retrieved from a cross-sectional survey among 2168 adults from all over Norway. In addition, the coverage of NEs by municipalities was retrieved from national registers. Logistic regression showed that, unlike the self-reported proximity to NEs, higher ratings of perceived supportiveness of NEs for PA predicted participation in NE-based PA for at least 60 min/week or 150 min/week, before and after controlling for socio-demographic characteristics. Reporting frequent experiences in nature during childhood was also an important predictor of higher levels of NE-based PA. Furthermore, a mediational analysis showed that the effect of both predictors was mediated by ""feelings about nature"" and ""social networks"". These findings indicate that to encourage the use of local NE for PA, not only should environmental perceptions be taken into account, positive feelings towards nature alongside opportunities to share activity in nature with others should also be promoted."
"AB Background: Clinical and laboratory criteria are not reliable predictors of deceased donor liver graft quality. Intraoperative assessment of experienced surgeons is the gold standard. Standardizing and quantifying this assessment is especially needed now that regional sharing is the rule. We prospectively evaluated a novel, simple, rapid, noninvasive, quantitative measure of liver function performed before graft procurement."
"AB Pretreatment of biomass is a commonly applied technique for improving its biodegradability; however, such methods are energy intensive, which affects the overall efficiency. This study aims to provide an energy efficient solution by combining microwave (MW) pretreatment of algal biomass (Enteromorpha) and metal nanoparticles (NPs). The MW pretreatment of the biomass was in the form of a slurry (liquid:solid 20:1), while pretreatment time and MW pretreatment power were 6min and 600 W, respectively. Nickel (Ni) and Cobalt (Co) NPs with a concentration of 1 mg/L were used. Batch-wise anaerobic digestion was carried out for a period of 264 h. The results showed that MW pretreatment initiates early hydrolysis of green algae thus reducing lag time. NPs had a positive influence in biogas production at the later stages of anaerobic digestion. The highest total biogas production of 53.60ml/gTS was attained by Co NPs + MW pretreatment whereas maximum biohydrogen of 59.52% (v/v) was produced by Ni NPs + MW pretreatment group. Energy analysis showed that combined utilization of MW pretreatment and metal NPs produced added energy while consuming less input energy than MW pretreatment alone. The kinetic parameters were calculated by using modified Gompertz and Logistic function model for each experimental case. (C) 2019 Hydrogen Energy Publications LLC. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Reverse logistics is responsible for the return of materials to the production process to be reused, recycled, remanufactured, or have an environmentally correct final destination. Every year, civil construction generates a large volume of waste that can be recovered through reverse logistics. The performance evaluation of these activities is necessary for managers to know the real efficiency and effectiveness of their actions and to avoid unnecessary expenses and losses. However, this activity is still not widely practiced in developing countries, such as Brazil and Colombia. This research aims to propose a model for the evaluation of LR performance in civil construction to assist the practice of return activities in developing countries. Initially, a bibliographic search was performed to find indicators for the model. The reverse flow in the civil construction was mapped based on works published in Brazil and Colombia. From this mapping, a 12 indicators model was elaborated to approach supply logistics, internal logistics operations, and the waste management of the construction companies, in order to evaluate the performance of this sector. Also, these indicators were prioritized through the AHP method. With this prioritization, it is possible to know which indicator deserves greater attention from managers when implementing improvements. As a way to demonstrate applicability, the model was applied in a Brazilian company and other Colombian companies. It was noticeable that the Brazilian company does not have much control of its operations because it was not possible to calculate five indicators of the model due to lack of information, whereas in the Colombian company, only one indicator was not calculated due to lack of information. When analyzing the results obtained, the model provides useful data for the managers when demonstrating where the company is reaching its goals and where improvements in the process are necessary. Both companies have improving their performance in the green purchasing indicator as a priority. Both sets targets that were not met for this indicator, and according to the prioritization made by AHP, this is the point that deserves special attention from both companies. Improvement points deserve special attention from both companies. Therefore they were highlighted for each one of them and also for the model so that it could be applied in other organizations in the sector. (c) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Urban dwellers are simultaneously exposed to several environmental health risk factors. This study aimed to examine the relationship between long-term exposure to fine particulate matter (PM2.5, diameter < 2.5 mu m) of residential-wood-burning and road-traffic origin, road-traffic noise, green space around participants' homes, and hypertension. In 2015 and 2016, we conducted a survey of residents of the Helsinki Capital Region to determine their perceptions of environmental quality and safety, lifestyles, and health statuses. Recent antihypertensive medication was used as an indicator of current hypertensive illness. Individual-level exposure was estimated by linking residential coordinates with modelled outdoor levels of wood-smoke- and traffic-related PM2.5, road-traffic noise, and coverage of natural spaces. Relationships between exposure and hypertension were modelled using multi-exposure and single-exposure binary logistic regression while taking smooth functions into account. Twenty-eight percent of the participants were current users of antihypertensive medication. The odds ratios (95% confidence interval) for antihypertensive use were 1.12 (0.78-1.57); 0.97 (0.76-1.26); 0.98 (0.93-1.04) and 0.99 (0.94-1.04) for wood-smoke PM2.5, road-traffic PM2.5, road-traffic noise, and coverage of green space, respectively. We found no evidence of an effect of the investigated urban exposures on prevalent hypertension in the Helsinki Capital Region."
"AB Drivers' phone use during the red traffic signal and queue discharge activity were investigated at five signalized intersections in Hangzhou, China, with the aims to explore factors influencing phone use behavior while drivers are waiting for a red traffic signal and the impact on the queue discharge. Observations were conducted by recording videos at each intersection during different times of the day and on different days of the week. Of the 2596 drivers observed while waiting at red traffic signals, 36.7% used their phone for some purpose and 20.8% used it until-green. It was found that phone use was not even restricted to within the red-phase of the traffic signal. About 7% continued the use of their phone beyond the red-phase while moving off. Logistic regression analyses with phone use as the dependent variable showed that red countdown timer, waiting time, the fact whether the driver was on its own or with a passenger, and the type of vehicle were significant covariates. Start-up delays for queues, with queue leaders whether using their phone or not, were compared using t-test of difference between means. The driving performance, with reference to vehicle headway, was also analyzed against driver phone use. Results reveal that while phone use that was ceased before the change to green has an insignificant effect on the start-up delay, until-green phone use, especially phone use that was continued after-red while moving off, significantly affected the start-up delay and driving performance negatively."
"AB With the growing awareness of global warming, many companies worldwide are improving their supply chain sustainability, under pressure from the government or their own shareholders. However, not all countries around the world equally emphasize the threat. For example, some countries still have not implemented any carbon dioxide emission regulations to address this problem. Carbon regulations in only subglobal areas may result in even higher global emissions because of carbon leakage. One possible approach to cope with the carbon leakage problem is to impose carbon tariffs on the goods from unregulated countries. In this paper, a mathematical model is built to explore the impacts of carbon tariff imposition on the supply chain network design, where the carbon tariff is imposed when the goods flow from unregulated countries to regulated countries. Moreover, our paper provides a complete experimental study by applying this model in a real case study, Company G, a major Taiwan-based multinational company in the electronic products industry. The outcomes demonstrate the conditions where the introduction of carbon tariffs forces firms from unregulated countries to take actions to reduce carbon emissions."
"AB In this study, we first analyze the usability of recycling products, and use the fuzzy set method to determine the main impact on recycling items and their corresponding weights by using the Analytic Hierarchy Process (AHP) to identify various impact recycling levels. The Group Decision Supporting System (GDSS) determines the test standards for the recycling rating. It provides a convenient way for recyclers or manufacturers to classify their own products and use fuzzy numbers to select a set of test standards. It can deduce the recovery rate and remanufacturing rate of different recycling processing levels through the Markov chain model to find out the inventory model and total cost. In the numerical analysis, we found that a recycling rate of more than 90% is probably a necessary decision. Since the processing cost of the 100% recovery rate is doubled, the inventory level and total cost will increase with it. Therefore, this study was combined with the reverse logistics method to find the appropriate decision-making strategy and plan, such as the optimal inventory level and recovery rate."
AB Background
"AB In recent years, it has been proven that promoting and observing environmental competence could play an instrumental role in enhancing companies/countries' industries in terms of sustainable development. In this study, a Green Open Location-Routing Problem with Simultaneous Pickup and Delivery (GOLRPSPD) is considered to minimize general costs. In addition to the significance of cost minimization, the objective function aims at promoting environmental competency in terms of the costs of CO2 emissions and fuel consumptions. Meanwhile, in a complex situation, using precise information could yield unreliable results in which considering uncertainty theories could prevent data loss. In this respect, this study assumed the pickup and delivery demand and travel time as probabilistic parameters. To address the issue, a robust stochastic programming approach was developed to reduce the deviations of imprecise information. Moreover, the proposed approach was applied based on five scenarios to decide the best decision in different situations. In addition, a practical example of the multi-echelon open-location-routing model was provided to represent the feasibility and applicability of the presented robust stochastic programming approach. Finally, comparative and sensitivity analyses were carried out to demonstrate the validity of the proposed approach and, also, to point out the robustness and sensitiveness of the obtained results regarding some significant parameters. (C) 2021 Sharif University of Technology. All rights reserved."
"AB This article aims to present the Green Supply Chain Management (GSCM) practices from a comprehensive point of view and to analyze the subject's behaviour in the last ten years, through a systematic literature review/bibliometric analysis in articles published from 2006 to 2016. Through the research profiling method, we identified that (i) the most frequent research contexts were ""GSCM financial impact"" and ""motivations to GSCM implementation"", (ii) the automotive, textile/manufacturing and electronic sectors were the most discussed, (iii) the most used research methods were those involving empirical procedures, iv) Web of Science and Scopus databases gathered 96.7% of the articles used in this analysis, (v) there is a high concentration of researches from countries academically established and recognized, while developing countries are also present, (vi) Journal of Cleaner Production was the most cited journal and with more publications about GSCM, (vii) Samir Srivastava's article had the highest Citation Score, and (viii) there are 11 GSCM research clusters. In addition, we discuss the content covered in the literature review, seeking to extend the understanding of the scenario where the GSCM is inserted nowadays and helping to identify research opportunities for researchers interested in such subject. (C) 2018 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Introduction: Neighbourhood contextual factors such as accessibility of food shops and green spaces are associated with adult bodyweight but not necessarily weight-related behaviours. Whether these associations are replicated amongst children is unknown. Aim: To understand which aspects of childrens' neighbourhoods are associated with unhealthy weight and weight-related behaviours. Methods: Individual-level data for children from the 2006/7 New Zealand Health Survey (of Body Mass Index (BMI), dietary indicators and socioeconomic variables) were linked with geographic level data on neighbourhood deprivation, rural/urban status, percentage of community engaged in active travel, access to green space, food shops and sports/leisure facilities. Logistic regression models were fitted for measures of BMI and weight-related behaviours; sugar sweetened beverage (SSB) consumption; fast-food consumption; and television viewing. Results: Increased community engagement in active transport was, counterintuitively, the only neighbourhood contextual factor associated with unhealthy weight amongst children. After adjustment for socioeconomic and environmental variables, greater access to green space appeared to have a protective effect on SSB consumption and neighbourhood deprivation was associated with all three unhealthy weight-related behaviours (SSB and fast-food consumption and television viewing). Conclusions: Although further research is needed, evidence from the current study suggests that a repertoire of health promotion interventions and policies to change unhealthy weight-related behaviours in high deprivation neighbourhoods may be required to address childhood obesity."
"AB One of the quality indicators of the transport service in passenger transport is the regularity of the movement of vehicles. Apart from the planned traffic intervals, it depends on a number of factors related to the traffic conditions of the public transport in the locality (intensity and composition of the traffic flow, passenger traffic structure, traffic lights regime, atmospheric conditions, etc.). The paper assesses the regularity of mass urban passenger transport traffic in the conditions of the city of Ruse, Bulgaria, by probing the estimation of the arrival intervals of the means of transport at the stops along a given route."
"AB We consider the pollution routing problem (PRP) with deadlines and heterogeneous fleet for which we implement a local search heuristic using inter-route relocate, exchange and intra-route relocate moves. The subproblem of finding optimal speed levels of a truck for a given tour gives optimality properties which relate the marginal speedup costs for each leg on the tour. We use the derived optimality properties and marginal speedup costs to evaluate possible search moves and choose the most promising ones to implement in local search heuristic. Computational results show that this approach improves solution times significantly while improving solution quality for large instances."
"AB This paper proposes a conceptual model of sustainable supply chain management (SSCM) in small and medium enterprises (SME) using blockchain technology (BT). With growing focus on sustainable business process, research on SSCM is gaining prominence. BT, being a disruptive technology, has potential to impact the SSCM. Using the extant literature, the antecedents of SSCM using BT have been identified. Multiple-criteria decision-making has been deployed to develop the conceptual model. Various managerial and theoretical implications along with scope for future research have been discussed."
"AB Few studies have examined the relation between urban built environment and the prevalence of hypertension. This cross-sectional study aimed at assessing the relationship between the environmental quality, physical activity, and stress on hypertension among citizens of Kaunas city, Lithuania. We conducted a survey of 1086 citizens residing in 11 districts to determine their perceptions of environmental quality, health behavior, and health indices. The independent variables included residential traffic flows, access to public transportation and green spaces. Dependent variables included physician-diagnosed hypertension, systolic and diastolic blood pressure, and stress level. We used multivariable logistic regression to assess the associations as odds ratios (OR). The environmental factors beneficially associated with meeting the physical activity recommendations were opportunities for walking to reach the city's green spaces and available relaxation areas. Residents of high noise level districts aged 45-64 years had a significantly higher OR of stress and a higher prevalence of hypertension when age, sex, education status, family status, and smoking were accounted for. However, meeting the physical activity recommendations had a beneficial effect on the risk of hypertension. This study provided evidence that improvement of the district-level built environment supporting citizens' physical activity might reduce the risk of hypertension."
"AB This study discusses a contract to promote collection and recycling of used products in a green supply chain (GSC). A collection incentive contract is combined with a reward-penalty contract. The collection incentive contract for used products is made between a retailer and a manufacturer. The reward-penalty contract for recycling used products is made between a manufacturer and an external institution. A retailer pays an incentive for collecting used products from customers and delivers them to a manufacturer with a product order quantity under uncertainty in product demand. A manufacturer remanufactures products using recyclable parts with acceptable quality levels and covers a part of the retailer's incentive from the recycled parts by sharing the reward from an external institution. Product demand information is assumed as (i) the distribution is known (ii) mean and variance are known. Besides, the optimal decisions for product quantity, collection incentive of used products and lower limit of quality level for recyclable parts under decentralized integrated GSCs. The analysis numerically investigates how (1) contract for recycling activity, (ii) product demand information and (iii) quality of recyclable parts affect the optimal operation for each GSC. Supply chain coordination to shift IGSC is discussed by adopting Nash Bargaining solution."
"AB The occurrences of impaired lung function during childhood could substantially influence the health states of the respiratory system in adults. So, the effects of air pollution and green spaces on impaired lung function in children were investigated in this study. The lung function of each student was tested every year from 2015 to 2017 and the method of case-control study was applied. 2087 students aged from 9 to 11 years old of primary schools in Tianjin were ultimately included in this study. The method of propensity score matching (PSM) was performed to minimize the confounding bias and the conditional logistic regression model was carried out to evaluate the effects of indoor and outdoor environmental risk factors on the occurrences of impaired lung function in children. For every interquartile range (IQR) increase in the mixture of six air pollutants at the lag1, lag2, and lag3 periods, the risks of getting impaired lung function were increased by 53.4%, 34.7%, and 16.9%, respectively. The protective effect of greenness at lag2 period (odds ratios (OR)) = 0.022 (95% confidence interval (CI): 0.008-0.035)) was stronger than that at lag1and lag3 periods, respectively. Separate and combined effects of most air pollutants at different lag periods exerted hazardous effects on the lung function of students. Exposure to greenness had protective effects on the lung health of children."
"AB The purpose of this study is to understand the relationship between green supply chain management (GSCM) practices and firm performance in the manufacturing sector in Asian emerging economies (AEE) based on empirical evidence. Through a systematic literature review, we identified 50 articles that surveyed 11,127 manufacturing companies in the AEE and were published between 1996 and 2015. Subsequently, a conceptual framework was developed and analyzed through a meta-analysis of 130 effects from 25,680 effect sizes. The findings revealed that the GSCM practices lead to better performance in four aspects: economic, environmental, operational, and social performance. Moreover, the results indicate that industry type, firm size, ISO certification, and export orientation moderate several of the GSCM practice-performance relationships. Moreover, the findings of this research help managers and policy makers to have more confidence in the adoption of GSCM practices to improve firm performance. Such results also help researchers to better channel their efforts in studying the GSCM practices in AEE. In addition, as meta-analysis has not been widely used in the supply chain management literature, our study is an important step in maturing the academic field by adopting this technique for confirming GSCM practice-performance relationships in the manufacturing sector of AEE."
"AB This paper proposes formulations and a hybrid meta-heuristic algorithm to solve the on-line vehicle routing problem (VRP) for minimizing costs related to economics and emissions. The on-line VRP considers real-time demands. Vehicle emissions are affected by travel speed and vehicle load. A hybrid meta-heuristic algorithm GA-Tabu is designed to solve the on-line VRP and a solution framework using DynaTAIWAN simulation is implemented. The numerical results show CO2 can be reduced by combining the emission factors into the objective function. Also, the route updates for on-line demands are analyzed and the performance measures of the on-line VRP are investigated by using various on-line demands."
"AB A green supply chain with a well-designed network can strongly influence the performance of supply chain and environment. The designed network should lead the supply chain to efficient and effective management to meet the efficient profit, sustainable effects on environment and customer needs. The proposed mathematical model in this paper identifies locations of productions and shipment quantity by exploiting the trade-off between costs, and emissions for a dual channel supply chain network. Due to considering different prices and customers zones for channels, determining the prices and strategic decision variables to meet the maximum profit for the proposed green supply chain is contemplated. In this paper, the transportation mode as a tactical decision has been considered that can affect the cost and emissions. Lead time and lost sales are considered in the modeling to reach more reality. The developed mathematical model is a mixed integer non-linear programming which is solved by GAMS. Due to NP-hard nature of the proposed model and long run time for large-size problems by GAMS, artificial immune system algorithm based on CLONALG, genetic and memetic algorithms are applied. Taguchi technique is used for parameter tuning of all meta-heuristic algorithms. Results demonstrate the strength of CLONALG rather than the other methods."
"AB Intracellular transport in plant cells occurs on microtubular and actin arrays. Cytoplasmic streaming, the rapid motion of plant cell organelles, is mostly driven by an actinmyosin mechanism, whereas specialized functions, such as the transport of large cargo or the assembly of a new cell wall during cell division, are performed by the microtubules. Different modes of transport are used, fast and slow, to either haul cargo over long distances or ascertain high-precision targeting, respectively. Various forms of the actin-specific motor protein myosin XI exist in plant cells and might be involved in different cellular functions."
"AB This study proposes a methodology to optimize the assignment of an urban bus fleet to a set of fixed routes, taking into account the differences among routes and the differences among vehicle types and propulsion technologies in order to reduce pollutant emissions (CO2, CO, THC, NOx and PM). A Mixed Integer Linear Programming optimization model is stated and two scenarios are assessed: minimization of CO2 and NOR. The results show that it is feasible to obtain a fleet distribution in which emissions for any given pollutant are reduced without increase in emissions of other pollutants. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Recently, social awareness, governmental legislations and competitive business environment have spurred researchers to pay much attention to closed-loop supply chain network design. In order to support the arising trend, this paper presents a comprehensive mathematical model for a multi-period, multi-product, multi-modal and bi-objective green closed-loop supply chain. The objective of the model is to minimize the total cost and environmental emissions through making the best decisions on facility location, transportation amounts and inventory balances. According to the inherent complexity of the problem and considering multi-product, multi-period and multi-modality assumptions makes it hard to handle, and as for the solution approach, an effective accelerated benders decomposition algorithm is implemented. Then, computational results for a set of numerical example are discussed. Besides, the model and solution approach are applied on a wire-and-cable industry. Then, a sensitivity analysis is implemented in an effort to validate the model. Results reveal applicability of the proposed mathematical model and presented solution approach. Following the obtained results, it can be validly concluded that the suggested solution approach leads to more than 13 percent reduction in total cost for the studied case, and can be even employed for larger and more complex real-world industrial applications. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB In this paper, we investigate the factors that influence the customer's decision in subscribing to a particular demand response management (DRM) scheme. Based on these factors, we suggest a classification of customer types that include non-green comfort seeking behavior (NCSB) and green incentive seeking behavior (GISB). We use multi-tier DRM plans that clearly specify the incentive and inconvenience for NCSB and GISB customers. The grid operator can obtain maximum profit margin (after paying out the incentives to participating users) from the DRM only if a specific number of customers participate in the NCSB and GISB plans. Any deviation from an ideal subscription pattern is undesirable from the grid's perspective. We also develop a mathematical framework that is based on logistic regression and considers the quantifiable as well as unquantifiable attributes of customer behavior. This model captures the probabilistic nature of customer preferences for different DRM plans. Simulation results reveal that the actual subscription of customers in NCSB and GISB plans significantly deviates from the ideal values. From these, we determine a compromise solution that lies between the ideal and the actual solutions. We also identify that along with economic factors, social factors, such as peer pressure and prompting green or caring behavior, could also be used as potential tools by the grid operator to influence the customer preference. This paper can also be used by the grid operator to design appropriate multi-tier DRM plans."
"AB This paper presents the development of an integrated decision-making framework for on-demand parcel delivery services that considers Just-In-Time delivery, fuel consumption and carbon emissions. Optimal policies based on the Markov decision process are established to allow for inclusion of parcel delivery requests. The framework's integrated dynamic algorithm, based on a continuous variable feedback control, allows for unified processing of delivery requests and route scheduling. Computational experiments show that the integrated approach could increase revenue by 6.4% by reducing fuel and emission costs by 2.5%; however, the approach may incur more cost in terms of timeliness compared to a myopic approach."
"AB This paper builds a two-stage, stochastic model to study capacity expansion problem in logistics under cap-and-trade and carbon tax regulations. The optimal capacity expansion and production decisions are obtained, and the effects of carbon emission regulations on capacity expansion are studied. Through analytical study and a real case numerical analysis, we find that the carbon tax exhibits different impacts on optimal capacity expansion decisions in low tax rate and high tax rate, and the volatility of capacity investment cost has a larger impact on optimal capacity expansion than that of production cost. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Background: Living in green areas has been associated with several health benefits; however, the available evidence on such benefits for hypertension is still limited. This study aimed to investigate and compare the association between residential exposure to greenspace and hypertension in Barcelona, Spain and Brussels, Belgium."
AB Background: Epidemiological evidence on the association between tea consumption and the risk of type 2 diabetes (T2D) is inconsistent. This study prospectively investigated whether green tea drinking affects the risk of T2D.
"AB Background: Due to the industrial revolution, extensive production, more raw materials are consumed, which are enough for landfills and disturbing environmental integrity. RL is an established concept in developed countries in comparison to developing countries. RL implementation is in its infancy due to some barriers. Therefore, the purpose of this study is to identify the RL barriers through literature review and to check their effect on the adoption of RL practices and to explain either they influence the firm performance or not."
AB This article analyses the processes of collecting used non-returnable packaging to improve the recycling of material. A collection system is proposed by applying a profitable visit algorithm based on the widely-known Nearest Neighbor Algorithm. A comparative study is performed to achieve a higher volume of recycled material while decreasing the cost of collection. The proposed algorithm shows a much better performance than the reference. The developed algorithm was evaluated in a real scenario and confirmed by a simulation runs. Savings in material sourcing processes can be achieved in real operations. The proposed algorithm shows some advantage.
"AB To explore the DNA image encryption method based on the Logistic-sine system and the fractional-order chaos stability theory, a fractional-order fuzzy differential equation is first introduced to construct a chaotic synchronization system. Then the green, blue, and red primary color matrix is established to design new DNA image encryption, and the encryption process is explained. Next, a data encryption algorithm and an advanced encryption algorithm are introduced to perform simulation experiments on the MATLAB 2014 software platform. It is found that the images encrypted by the new algorithm all exhibit striped snowflakes, and after decryption, it is almost the same as the original image. The histogram of the image encrypted by the new algorithm is flat, which is very different from the original image histogram. The average pixel change rate of the image encrypted by the new algorithm is 99.6267%, and the average change intensity reaches 33.5183%. The average information entropy of the image encrypted by the new algorithm is 7.9624, which is close to the upper limit of 8. The calculation time and occupied space of the new algorithm are less than those of the data encryption algorithm and the advanced encryption algorithm. This result shows that the DNA image encryption algorithm based on the Logistic-sine system and the fractional-order chaos stability theory has excellent performance and can provide a certain theoretical basis for research in the field of digital image encryption. (C) 2020 Society for Imaging Science and Technology."
"AB Because of the greater demand in using woody biomass for bioenergy and bio-based products, feedstock supply chain optimization becomes more important to decrease supply chain logistics costs. As a primary component in the biomass feedstock supply chain, the storage of harvested woody biomass can directly affect transportation cost, biomass quality, and combustion efficiency. An improved operations system structured with linear programming was developed for minimizing the total cost of woody biomass preprocessing, storage, and transportation. The improved operations system was applied in a simulated case study for a power plant in Michigan. In addition, a simulated second feedstock end user was added to the operations system to further test the model. The results showed that the improved operations system could lower supply chain logistics costs, improve feedstock quality, and simultaneously meet the feedstock end user's demand. The sensitivity analysis indicated that the additional profit from selling higher-quality feedstock could offset the increased transportation cost for up to 171 miles. On average, every 1 percent decrease in biomass moisture content can result in a decrease of $760.68 in total cost and a reduction of 52.1 green tons of delivered biomass to satisfy the end user's demands. The operation details suggested by the improved operations system can be used as a guideline of real operations to achieve the lowest possible operations cost. The additional profit return from selling higher-quality feedstock needs to be quantified for various conversion and upgrading options besides direct combustion in the future."
"AB In recent years, there has been observed a continued growth of global carbon dioxide emissions, which are considered as a crucial factor for the greenhouse effect and associated with substantial environmental damages. Amongst others, logistic activities in global supply chains have become a major cause of industrial emissions and the progressing environmental pollution. Although a significant amount of logistic-related carbon dioxide emissions is caused by storage and material handling processes in warehouses, prior research mostly focused on the transport elements. The environmental impact of warehousing has received only little attention by research so far. Operating large and highly technological warehouses, however, causes a significant amount of energy consumption due to lighting, heating, cooling and air condition as well as fixed and mobile material handling equipment which induces considerable carbon dioxide emissions. The aim of this paper is to summarise preliminary studies of warehouse-related emissions and to discuss an integrated classification scheme enabling researchers and practitioners to systematically assess the carbon footprint of warehouse operations. Based on the systematic assessment approach containing emissions determinants and aggregates, overall warehouse emissions as well as several strategies for reducing the carbon footprint will be studied at the country level using empirical data of the United States. In addition, a factorial analysis of the warehouse-related carbon dioxide emissions in the United States enables the estimation of future developments and facilitates valuable insights for identifying effective mitigation strategies."
"AB Today, due to increased market competition, the integration of production and distribution decisions into the supply chain leads to efficiency improvements. Therefore, production routing models have been developed to optimize production and distribution, simultaneously. In recent years, since, the product life cycle has become shorter than in the past, product return policies with fast response times, emphasis on return management, deformation and restorage of finished goods have become very significant. In this paper, the multi-product production routing problem with startup costs and environmental considerations has been studied. Furthermore, reverse logistics and remanufacturing decisions have been integrated. After modeling the problem as mixed-integer linear programming, due to its NP-hardness and the successful application of the Lagrangian Relaxation algorithm (LR) in solving complex supply chain problems, this algorithm has been chosen as the solution method. After applying the standard LR algorithm and the improved LR algorithm that its subgradient optimization method was modified, as a heuristic algorithm, the feasiblizer algorithm is also proposed for feasibilization of the solution obtained from the LR algorithms. To validate the model and solution method, firstly, test problems are solved by GAMS, and then the proposed algorithm is applied to test problems. The numerical results show the good performance of the LR algorithm in medium-size test problems. Finally, based on the computational experiments, managerial insights on the problem have been provided."
"AB Purpose The purpose of this study is to evaluate the after-sales strategy of an industrial equipment manufacturer. Design/methodology/approach The research study's object is the Brazilian operation of a company belonging to a multinational group that designs, manufactures and installs technology-based equipment. The research method is qualitative modeling with a quantitative analysis. A literature review and a focus group with managers organized the after-sales strategy of the company in four constructs measured by 24 indicators. The constructs are technical assistance (TA), reliability management (RM), customer relationships (CRs) and spare part logistics (SL). A total of seven managers evaluated the importance and performance of the indicators. Findings TA, RM and CRs are lagging constructs (the importance is greater than the performance), whereas SL is a leading construct (the opposite). The study proposed four strategic actions that change the type of emphasis that the company poses to service: from in-house to field maintenance service, from correction to prevention reliability improvement, from technical- to customer-focused relationships and from direct to integrated logistics service. Research limitations/implications The study limits to the case of a technology-based manufacturing company. Practical implications The strategic movement reallocates resources from leading indicators to lagging indicators in a sharp, clear movement of forces in the company. Originality/value The main contribution is a structured method to evaluate and control the strategic performance of an industrial equipment manufacturer in after-sales activities."
AB Background
"AB This paper investigates a bi-objective green hub location problem, in which multiple perishable products with various storage temperatures can be distributed simultaneously in a cold supply chain (CSC). The objectives of this problem include minimizing the system's total cost (including transportation, hub establishment, adjustment of the storage compartments' temperatures, and carbon emission costs) and maximizing the quality of the delivered product to the customer via the proposed model. Mixed-integer linear programming (MILP) in the GAMS software was employed to formulate this problem. Then, the e-Constraint method was adopted to solve the presented bi-objective model to obtain the Pareto frontier and consequently, a numerical example based on the CAB (Civil Aeronautics Board) database is presented to validate the applicability of the model. The solutions of the model provide information regarding the hub location (HL), allocating customers to the hubs, allocating customers to the vehicles, and the sequence of vehicles' services for the Multi Item-Multi Temperature Joint Distribution of perishable products in CSCs. Moreover, the final results revealed the existence of a contradictory exchange between the two objectives of this paper, implying that the higher is the quality of the delivered perishable product to the customer, the greater is the system's total cost. The novelty of the proposed model compared to other hub location problems (HLPs) lies in the integration of the tactical/operational decisions with strategic decisions to provide logistic solutions in CSCs by considering the carbon emissions as an environmental factor in the transportation systems for the simultaneous distribution of dissimilar storage temperatures perishable products within a CSC. The proposed model in this research can help the distributers of perishable products by maintaining the quality of the delivered items and reducing the system's total costs and considering the carbon emissions of transportation systems. This study has practical implications for the logistics and CSCs managers to not only establish a distribution network for multiple perishable products on the basis of the findings, but also respond to the environmental sustainability. (C) 2021 Institution of Chemical Engineers. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB Purpose The purpose of this paper is to develop a predictive model for box office performance based on the textual information in movie scripts in the green-lighting process of movie production. Design/methodology/approach The authors use Latent Dirichlet Allocation to determine the hidden textual structure in movie scripts by extracting topic probabilities as predictors for classification. The extracted topic probabilities are used as inputs for the predictive model for the box office performance. For the predictive model, the authors utilize a variety of classification algorithms such as logistic classification, decision trees, random forests, k-nearest neighbor algorithms, support vector machines and artificial neural networks, and compare their relative performances in predicting movies' market performance. Findings This approach for extracting textual information from movie scripts produces a valuable typology for movies. Moreover, our modeling approach has significant power to predict movie scripts' profitability. It provides a superior prediction performance compared to previous benchmarks, such as that of Eliashberg et al. (2007). Research limitations/implications This work contributes to literature on predicting the box office performance in the green-lighting process and literature regarding suggesting models for the idea screening stage in the new product development process. Besides, this is one of the few studies that use movie script data to predict movies' financial performance by proposing an approach to integrate text mining models and machine learning algorithms with movie experts' intuition. Practical implications First, the authors' approach can significantly reduce the financial risk associated with movie production decisions before the pre-production stage. Second, this paper proposes an approach that is applicable at a very early stage of new product development, such as the idea screening stage. The authors also introduce an online-based movie scenario database system that can help movie studios make more systematic and profitable decisions in the green-lighting process. Third, this approach can help movie studios estimate movie scripts' financial value. Originality/value This study is one of the few studies to forecast market performance in the green-lighting process."
"AB This paper explores the impact of a predisposition towards supply chain collaboration (SCC) on the reduction of CO2 emissions, along with its consequences, within the context of a growing recognition of green collaboration. The study draws upon three theoretical lenses, i.e. natural-resource-based view (NRBV), resource dependence theory (RDT) and institutional theory. It conceptualises a research framework in which the underlying constructs are defined and the hypotheses postulated. The empirical investigation was undertaken in China, resulting in data pertaining to 167 companies compiled from a questionnaire survey and subsequently analysed using structural equation modelling. The research findings reveal a causal relationship between two orientations, i.e. SCC orientation and a firm's CO2 emission reduction orientation, and SCC-led CO2 emission reduction and its impact on a firm's performance. The study suggests that, in a low-carbon' business environment, firms can guarantee the engagement of an SCC-led CO2 emission reduction initiative towards broad environmental sustainability."
"AB Based on an analysis of the congestion effect and changes in the speed of vehicle flow during morning and evening peaks in a large-or medium-sized city, the piecewise function is used to capture the rules of the time-varying speed of vehicles, which are very important in modelling their fuel consumption and CO2 emission. A joint optimization model of the green vehicle scheduling and routing problem with time-varying speeds is presented in this study. Extra wages during nonworking periods and soft time-window constraints are considered. A heuristic algorithm based on the adaptive large neighborhood search algorithm is also presented. Finally, a numerical simulation example is provided to illustrate the optimization model and its algorithm. Results show that, (1) the shortest route is not necessarily the route that consumes the least energy, (2) the departure time influences the vehicle fuel consumption and CO2 emissions and the optimal departure time saves on fuel consumption and reduces CO2 emissions by up to 5.4%, and (3) extra driver wages have significant effects on routing and departure time slot decisions."
"AB This paper presents the results of an online survey of licensed driver comprehension of the right-turn signal displays with a focus on the flashing yellow arrow (FYA) and also including the circular green and red and red arrow. Recruitment postcards were mailed to a random sample of 9,872 residents in Oregon. The online survey yielded 399 responses. The open-ended responses were coded for comprehension and analyzed. The results suggest that FYA for right turns is well understood by Oregon drivers despite its current novelty (only two locations at the time of the research). Importantly, survey respondents were more likely to recognize the yielding requirement of the permissive movement and associate the yielding with pedestrians with the FYA over the circular green (CG) display. The research also confirmed that the expected driver response to the red arrow display for right turns is not well understood (only 52% of the respondents correctly stated the expected driver response). Binary logistic regression modeling revealed that the driver's age and their educational level were significant factors in comprehension."
"AB Increasing environmental awareness of customers and stricter environmental regulations by local governments force manufacturers to invest in environmentally conscious manufacturing which involves the application of green principles to all phases of a product's life cycle from conceptual design to final delivery to consumers, and ultimately to the end of life (EOL) disposal. They also setup facilities for product recovery which is the recovery of materials and components from returned or EOL products via disassembly, recycling and remanufacturing. To address these new issues efficiently, multi criteria decision making (MCDM) techniques are used in order to evaluate the economic and environmental indicators. This paper presents over 190 MCDM studies in environmentally conscious manufacturing and product recovery (ECMPRO) by classifying them into three major categories. Insights from the review and future research directions conclude the paper. (C) 2015 The Society of Manufacturing Engineers. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Stewardship is essential for the survival of trees planted in challenging urban conditions and for reaching canopy cover goals and anticipated benefits. The governance structure of the stewardship network can dictate stewardship efficacy and ultimately, tree survival. While many planting initiatives are managed locally, the stewardship network and survival rates of a state-managed initiative are not commonly addressed in scholarly literature. The Greening the Gateway Cities Program (GGCP) in Massachusetts is planting thousands of trees in post-industrial cities around the state. We carried out a mixed-methods case study of 2014 to 2016 tree planting in Holyoke, a GGCP pilot city, to assess the factors that influence survival. Specifically, we interviewed program stakeholders and coupled that data with field monitoring of trees planted along streets and on commercial and institutional landscapes. A logistic regression model shows that trees stewarded by state foresters were approximately 5.18 times more likely to survive, and trees which were not impacted by a summer 2016 drought were approximately 2.80 times more likely to survive. However, the drought impact was muted for trees stewarded by the state, and species characteristics were not significantly related to survival. Importantly, stewardship and planting site type strongly overlapped, providing insight into links between tree survival and stewardship network. At program launch, local recipients and partners agreed to water newly planted trees. But interviews revealed that tree recipients had neither the time nor staffing to adequately care for their trees. The GGCP intended for the local municipal public works department to assume stewardship responsibility, but the latter was unable and/or unwilling to do so due to a lack of funding and misalignment of goals, leaving stewardship as the state's responsibility. Dedicated funding and staffing for maintenance is essential for strengthening stewardship networks and improving survival of large-scale urban tree plantings. Additionally, urban tree survival can be more strongly mediated by stewardship actors than some biophysical factors."
"AB Snow algae are an important group of terrestrial photosynthetic organisms in Antarctica, where they mostly grow in low lying coastal snow fields. Reliable observations of Antarctic snow algae are difficult owing to the transient nature of their blooms and the logistics involved to travel and work there. Previous studies have used Sentinel 2 satellite imagery to detect and monitor snow algal blooms remotely, but were limited by the coarse spatial resolution and difficulties detecting red blooms. Here, for the first time, we use high-resolution WorldView multispectral satellite imagery to study Antarctic snow algal blooms in detail, tracking the growth of red and green blooms throughout the summer. Our remote sensing approach was developed alongside two Antarctic field seasons, where field spectroscopy was used to build a detection model capable of estimating cell density. Global Positioning System (GPS) tagging of blooms and in situ life cycle analysis was used to validate and verify our model output. WorldView imagery was then used successfully to identify red and green snow algae on Anchorage Island (Ryder Bay, 67 degrees S), estimating peak coverage to be 9.48 x 10(4) and 6.26 x 10(4) m(2), respectively. Combined, this was greater than terrestrial vegetation area coverage for the island, measured using a normalized difference vegetation index. Green snow algae had greater cell density and average layer thickness than red blooms (6.0 x 10(4) vs. 4.3 x 10(4) cells ml(-1)) and so for Anchorage Island we estimated that green algae dry biomass was over three times that of red algae (567 vs. 180 kg, respectively). Because the high spatial resolution of the WorldView imagery and its ability to detect red blooms, calculated snow algal area was 17.5 times greater than estimated with Sentinel 2 imagery. This highlights a scaling problem of using coarse resolution imagery and suggests snow algal contribution to net primary productivity on Antarctica may be far greater than previously recognized."
"AB Government regulations have increased pressure on emissions-producing manufacturers. Due to regulatory pressure, manufacturers begin to invest in green technologies to reduce emissions, and collect end-of-life products as recycled raw materials. This paper analyzes who should lead raw materials collection, the manufacturer, the retailer or the third-party Internet recycling platform, from the perspectives of environmental benefit, economic benefit and social welfare. Among three collection models, the third-party incorporates technological innovation to filter and classify recycled products according to quality. Our results suggest, firstly, regulatory pressure serves as an effective emission-curbing measure in the forward logistics. Secondly, the effect of emission reduction investment under the third party-led collection is superior to that under the other two collection models. Thirdly, from the perspective of economic benefit, the optimal recycling channel for manufacturers is related to the fixed cost of establishing a recycling channel. From the perspectives of environmental benefit and social welfare, the third party-led collection is the optimal strategy. (c) 2021 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Objective Rates of physical activity (PA) are low, especially among college students. Tree canopy and social capital have been correlated with higher rates of PA. This study assessed the relationship between tree canopy and social capital on minutes of PA. Participants Students from the University of Nevada, Las Vegas, located in Southern Nevada, were surveyed on social capital and self-reported minutes of PA. Methods Tree canopy coverage was calculated within a 1 km walk buffer around each participant's home. Logistic regression was used to determine if tree canopy and social capital predicted meeting PA recommendations of 150 minutes/week. Results 42.4% of participants met the PA recommendations and males were more likely than females to meet them (odds ratio [OR] = 0.517). Social capital was a significant predictor of PA (OR = 1.308) while tree canopy was not. Conclusions Exploration of social capital to increase PA and further investigations into correlates of PA for college students in sprawling desert environments are recommended."
"AB Nowadays, extensive electrification of maritime transportation, represented by the seaport microgrids and all-electric ships (AESs), has been viewed as a feasible route to enhance the overall system flexibility as well as to mitigate the resulted in growing environmental issues. However, with the trend of electrification, the connections between the seaport and ships are no longer limited in the logistic-side, but also expanded to the electric-side, which makes the future maritime transportation management as a complex transportation-power multi-microgrid coordination problem. In land-based applications, multi-microgrid coordination is a relatively mature technology and already brings enormous economic and environmental benefits, but there still exists some gaps before those land-based technologies being integrated into maritime applications. In this perspective, this overview study emphasizes the characteristic of seaport microgrid and AESs, then several emerging technical challenges and the future research prospects are raised after a comprehensive literature survey."
"AB Individual attributes have been investigated to explain sedentary behavior. However, few studies have evaluated this association at the neighborhood level. This study aimed to determine the association between screen time (ST) among adolescents and perceived neighborhood characteristics. This cross-sectional study was conducted using a multistage household survey in Vespasiano, Brazil, in 2015-2016. Logistic regression analyses were performed to assess the associations between the adolescent self-reported ST (television, computer, and video game > 2 h/day) and neighborhood characteristics (green space, sidewalk maintenance, street lighting, social disorder, safety during the day, and risk of violence) reported by an adult. Four hundred and twenty-three adolescents aged 11-17 participated in the study. ST was reported by 74.0% of the adolescents. After adjustment for confounder variables, neighborhood characteristics did not remain associated with ST. The results evidence no associations between ST among adolescents and perceived neighborhood environment and indicate the need for future studies of this relation."
"AB A new method to model the probability of detection (PoD) of flaws that takes into consideration the correlation between the flaw features as a function of the correlated flaw dimensions, the length and depth, is proposed in this work. Boundary element method was used to efficiently obtain the required flaw features. The features used are the maximum change in the amplitudes of the three components of the scattered magnetic flux density (Bx, By and Bz). Firstly, the magnetic-electric Green's function, for a finite thickness plate, is formulated. On knowing the distribution of the dipole density, the scattered fields at the axial center of the coil are computed. Experiments were conducted in a controlled environment to validate the predictions of the BEM. The features, from the BEM, computed for several flaw lengths and depths, were fit to a trivariate Gaussian distribution. The discrete form of the PoD was determined after identifying the sensor threshold. A continuous function is later obtained by linking the discrete PoD with a generalized logistic function."
"AB The China's chemical industry has been endeavouring to promote sustainable development through practicing green supply chain management (GSCM). This paper proposes a multi-criteria decision framework with twenty practices to guide companies in the industry to enact GSCM effectively. The exploratory factor analysis (EFA) has been used to cluster the proposed practices. We found five aspects, including economic initiatives, environmental management, eco-design, resource recycling, and stakeholder and employee, constitute the underlying structure of GSCM. A mixed decision tool combining the entropy weight method (EWM) and the analytic hierarchy process (AHP) has been developed and applied to identify key factors. Official website information has been collected and used to analyse the website contents of five benchmarking companies in the China's chemical industry. The results reveal that the aspects of environmental management, eco-design and resource recycling are the most important GSCM themes. Moreover, the top five practices are top management support, performing life cycle assessment, managing environmental risks, advancing recycling technologies and integrating reverse logistics. Conceptual and practical implications are discussed."
"AB This paper presents the green 2-echelon location routing problem (G2ELRP) which is a variant of the capacitated location-routing problem (CLRP) and the 2-echelon location routing problem (2ELRP), in that it deals with the collection problem for which routing decisions at both levels are required. The G2ELRP aims to minimize the total fuel consumption depending on the distance and the road conditions in both echelons. In the G2ELRP, that a customer can be served more than once is considered as a new constraint. Due to its complexity, the G2ELRP requires a complex problem formulation. A new variable neighborhood strategy adaptive search (VaNSAS) algorithm as a solution approach is introduced to solve the problem. The computational results indicate that the VaNSAS algorithm efficiently solves the case study problem and outperforms all other proposed heuristics. The G2ELRP model saved fuel cost by 3.71% over the traditional LRP. This demonstrates that the proposed VaNSAS is very efficient and not only useful for decreasing costs of rubber logistics, but also for application to other related agro-industries."
"AB Disaster is the sudden problem of the world. There is no time bound. By disaster, all the creatures of the earth are affected. Here, the authors have tried to show some issues which are related to the natural calamities and green transportation. The main investigation of the paper is to describe about humanitarian supply chain management with optimized transportation cost, time, and carbon emission. Here a real-life problem of flood affected area has been chosen. When such disasters happen, quick response can reduce the devastation and save lives, and thus, it requires fulfilling the basic humanitarian needs of the affected population. In such case, organizations should also maintain the emission of the vehicles in safe range to mitigate the further disaster by pollution. A multi-objective solid transportation problem considering cost, time, and emission has been presented here. To solve the problem, this paper has used goal programming method and pareto optimal solution method. A comparison of results is also shown later. Some managerial insights are drawn to describe the situation."
"AB Sustainability studies in operations management have reported the positive effects of lean, green and social management systems on various dimensions of a firm's sustainability performance. However, despite its importance and relevance, the time dimension of sustainability has not been systematically considered. This paper recategorizes the well-identified sustainability initiatives based on a time dimension and empirically validates the categorization. Structural equation modeling analyses were performed using data collected from 284 Chinese automotive firms. The results suggest that various lean and reactive green practices can be categorized as ""short-term sustainability initiatives"" because the effects of implementing these practices can be seen in a short time. Specifically, the benefits of implementing short-term sustainability initiatives can be further strengthened and reinforced in the long run by implementing corporate social responsibility (CSR) practices. In addition, our findings demonstrate that to fully realize the potential associated with CSR practices, firms need to be orientated to the long term and adopt a wait and watch approach."
"AB After the implementation of Emission Control Areas (ECA) in Northern Europe in 2015, ship operators have to decide for new compliance methods. Among different abatement technologies, also the use of LNG as maritime fuel is one option. Hence, the number of LNG-fueled vessels plying in North Sea and Baltic Sea is growing, so ports have to cope with the increasing demand for LNG. Until now, German ports have been a little bit delayed in the installation of LNG infrastructure. Currently, a new LNG-terminal at Brunsbuttel, the western entrance to the Kiel Canal, is under construction."
"AB In this paper, a multi-objective linear programming model was developed which sought to simultaneously optimize total costs and total GHG emissions for the Thai Rubber supply chain. The model was solved by the epsilon -constraint method which computed the Pareto optimal solution. Each point in the Pareto set entailed a different design of quantity of rubber product flow between the supply chain entities and transport modes and routes. The result obtained show the trade-offs between costs and GHG emissions. It appears that improvements in cost reductions are only possible by compromising on and allowing for higher GHG emissions. From the Pareto set of solutions, each point is equally effective solution for achieving significant cost reductions without compromising too far on GHG emissions. Scenarios analysis were considered to examine the impact of transportation and distribution restructuring on the trade-off between GHG emissions and costs vis-a-vis the baseline model. Overall, the model developed in this research, together with its Pareto optimal solutions analysis, shows that it can be used as an effective tool to design a new and workable GSCM model for the Thai Rubber industry."
"AB This study systematically investigated the degradation kinetics and changes in the composition of phenolic compounds in Spanish-style Chalkidiki green olive processing wastewaters (TOPWs) during treatment using Aspergillus niger B60. The fungal growth and phenol degradation kinetics were described sufficiently by the Logistic and Edward models, respectively. The maximum specific growth rate (2.626 1/d) and the maximum degradation rate (0.690 1/h) were observed at 1500 mg/L of total polar phenols, indicating the applicability of the process in TOPWs with a high concentration of phenolic compounds. Hydroxytyrosol and the other simple phenols were depleted after 3-8 days. The newly formed secoiridoid derivatives identified by HPLC-DAD-FLD and LC-MS are likely produced by oleoside and oleuropein aglycon via the action of fungal beta-glucosidase and esterase. The treated streams were found to be less phytotoxic with reduced chemical oxygen demand by up to 76%. Findings will provide useful information for the subsequent treatment of residual contaminants."
"AB With the acceleration of global climate change and urbanization, many large and medium-sized cities in China have been frequently subjected to heavy rains and floods. Thus, the question of how to reduce the impact of floods and achieve rapid recovery has attracted much attention. We use the urban community as the basic unit to examine the living environment, internal facilities, and surrounding environment characteristics of six different types of communities in the Jianye District of Nanjing City. First, we use factor analysis and the binary logistic regression model to analyze pre-disaster preparation, disaster response, and post-disaster recovery. Second, we analyze the resilience of the community at different stages. Then, we explore the influencing factors of the built environment on the resilience of the community. Results show that the built-up environmental factors, such as topography, riverfront, building coverage ratio, green space rate, and land use diversity, have a significant impact on community resilience. Finally, we proposed several suggestions for improving the flood resilience of Nanjing City."
"AB Given the importance of climate change it is vital to find a transition away from fossil fuels. The transition will include electrification of several sectors, for example road transport, but considering the strong dependency on carbon-based fuels and associated infrastructures, it is reasonable to assume that biomass-based hydrocarbon will play a key role to smoothen the transition away from fossil fuels. This study provides an analysis of direct and indirect technological options for liquid biofuels based on lignocellulosic resources in the context of greening European fossil-fuel infrastructures. Direct options are those which result in integration of biogenic feedstock in a fossil-based process and then co-processing in a downstream conventional unit or substituting a conventional part of the production chain of a liquid fuel by a bio-based one. Indirect options are those which pave the way for ramping-up biomass supply chain in the form of infrastructure and market. Examples of direct options in the focus of this study are biomass gasification for production of intermediates and biomass pyrolysis substituting fossil feedstock. Examples of indirect options are co-firing biomass in coal-fired power plants and integrating biomass gasification plants with district heating (DH) networks. Such options are important for establishing biomass supply chains and markets. This study also assesses the potential of biomass use in other industrial sectors not directly related with fossil-based fuel or energy production, such as the pulp and paper industry and the iron and steel industry. In this context, opportunities and barriers for both direct and indirect greening options are discussed, focusing mainly on technological and logistic aspects. It is highlighted that fossil-fuel infrastructures can act as drivers for the development of advanced biofuels production as they can reduce the initial risks, in terms of cost and technological maturity, offering the opportunity to increase gradually the demand for biomass, and develop the logistic infrastructure. It is, however, important to make sure that such biofuel production processes are part of a long-term strategy, which needs incentives to overcome current barriers and eventually phase out fossil infrastructures."
AB Purpose
"AB Terrestrial mammalian carnivores are generally sensitive to urbanization. Yet, some mesocarnivores have adapted to the urban and suburban environment. The response of small carnivores to urbanization is poorly studied, partly due to methodological difficulties. We assessed the impact of urbanization on a representative of small carnivores - the least weasel Mustela nivalis. Data from 254 trapping sessions of monitoring small mammals (27 810 trap-days) conducted in different urbanized and non-urbanized habitats (Poland, Central Europe) were used and analysed in a logistic regression model. The probability of occurrence of weasels was tested in relation to the land cover type, abundance of rodents (weasel's food base), proportion of a built-up area (on the 500 m radius buffer) and trapping effort. The weasel avoided urban areas and if the percentage of a built-up area was higher than 32% the probability of occurrence of the weasel was low (P < 0.5). Within urbanized areas, least weasel were only detected on the outskirts of a city or in the valleys of large rivers. Conversely, habitat type did not predict the presence of least weasel in non-urbanized areas. The possible reasons for the lack of the weasel in urban green areas are narrow food specialization (mainly rodents as prey; no use of anthropogenic food sources), high energetic demands, and fragmentation and isolation of green areas. Despite the high ecological plasticity of this species, the strong negative response of the least weasel to urbanization causes that their occurrence can be an indicator of well-planned urban greenery. The occurrence of the least weasel indicates both the functional connectivity of green areas in the city and the abundance and availability of the prey base - ground-dwelling animals from lower trophic groups."
"AB Location-routing problem is a combination of facility location problem and vehicle routing problem. Numerous logistics problems have been extended to investigate greenhouse issues and costs related to the environmental impact of transportation activities. The green capacitated locating-routing problem (LRP) seeks to find the best places to establish facilities and simultaneously design routes to satisfy customers' stochastic demand with minimum total operating costs and total emitted carbon dioxide. In this paper, features that make the problem more practical are: considering time windows for customers and drivers, assuming city traffic congestion to calculate travel time along the edges, and dealing with capacitated warehouses and vehicles. The main novelty of this study is to combine the mentioned features and consider the problem closer to the real-world case uses. A mixed-integer programming model has been developed and scenario production method is used to solve this stochastic model. Since the problem belongs to the class of NP-hard problems, a combination of the progressive hedging algorithm (PHA) and genetic algorithm (GA) is considered to solve large-scale problems. It is the first time, as per our knowledge, that this combination is implemented on a green capacitated location routing problem (G-CLPR) and resulted in satisfactory solutions. Nondominating sorting genetic algorithm II (NSGA-II) and epsilon constraints methods are used to face with the bi-objective problem. Finally, sensitivity analysis is performed on the problem's input parameters and the efficiency of the proposed method is measured. Comparing the results of the proposed solution approach with those of the exact method indicates that the solution approach is computationally efficient in finding promising solutions."
"AB To achieve a ""green profit"" in their businesses, original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) who produce both new and remanufactured products must optimize their pricing and production decisions. They must determine the buyback price and takeback quantity of end-of -lifeproducts (i.e., supply) as well as the selling prices and production quantities of new and remanufactured products (i.e., demand). Detailed production plans for matching the supply and demand should be optimized as well. This paper addresses the lack of a model to deal with buyback pricing, sales pricing, and production planning in an integrated manner. Considering their mutual. dependence, the total profit cannot be maximized without optimizing all three simultaneously. This paper presents a model for integrated pricing and production planning for a line of new and remanufactured products in a competitive market. A mixed-integer programming model is proposed that assumes a buyback program as a takeback strategy and optimizes the buyback prices, selling prices, and detailed production plans simultaneously. A transition matrix is used to coordinate pricing and production planning reflecting the design of products. The main objective is to maximize the total profit, but the model also considers how much environmental impact can be avoided by remanufacturing. With the help of the model, OEMs can identify an optimal line of new and remanufactured products that can maximize their total profit while achieving environmental-impact saving greater than a target. By enforcing incrementally increasing environmental targets, OEMs can also explore multiple green profit opportunities that can create greater profits and increased environmental impact savings than producing new products only. To demonstrate the proposed model, this paper presents a case study with a smartphone example. (C) 2016 Published by Elsevier Ltd."
AB Objective To determine whether the rate of sentinel lymph node (SLN) dissections that do not yield a lymph node on pathological analysis ('empty packet dissection') changes with increasing surgeon experience in the setting of patients undergoing minimally invasive hysterectomy and SLN mapping using indocyanine green dye for endometrial cancer.
"AB Purpose - The purpose of this paper is to explore how internal and external factors simultaneously drive firms to adopt green supply chain (GSC) initiatives and to construct a comprehensive research model by drawing upon institutional theory, stewardship theory, and view of performance."
AB AIM: To investigate the associations between fruit and vegetable consumption and risk of asthenopia among Chinese college students.
"AB Urbanization increases risk for depression and other mental disorders. A growing body of research indicates the natural environment confers numerous psychological benefits including alleviation of mental distress. This study examined land cover types and landscape metrics in relation to mental health for 276 U.S. counties within metropolitan areas having a population of 1 million or more. County Health Rankings and Behavioral Risk and Factor Surveillance System (BRFSS) provided a measure of mental health. The 2011 National Land Cover Database (NLCD) provided data on green land cover types, from which seven landscape metrics were generated to characterize landscape patterns. Spearman's rho correlation and stepwise logistic regression models, respectively, were employed to examine bivariate and multivariate relationships. Models were adjusted for county population and housing density, region, race, and income to account for potential confounding. Overall, individual measures of landscape patterns showed stronger associations with mental health than percent total cover alone. Greater edge contrast was associated with 3.81% lower odds of Frequent Mental Distress (FMD) (Adjusted Odd's Ratio (AOR) = 0.9619, 95% CI = 0.9371, 0.9860). Shrubland cohesion was associated with greater odds of FMD (AOR = 1.0751, 95% CI = 1.0196, 1.1379). In addition, distance between shrubland cover was associated with greater odds of FMD (AOR = 1.0027, 95% CI = 1.0016, 1.0041). Although effect sizes were small, findings suggest different types of landscape characteristics may have different roles in improving mental health."
"AB The contribution of this study is to apply a hybrid method to identify critical green supply chain practices (GSCP) based on importance and performance level under linguistic preferences. The leather industry in Bangladesh is facing acute pressure to minimize environmental pollution. Proper assessment of GSCP ensure effective implementation and thereby helping the industry face environmental challenges. However, there is lack of methods available for the assessment of GSCP concerning their importance and performance attributes under linguistic preferences. This study uses fuzzy set theory to handle fuzziness of human perceptions since the GSCP attributes usually expressed in linguistic preferences. Then, fuzzy importance and performance analysis (FIPA) approach was applied to identify GSCP importance and performance levels. Moreover, FIPA matrix was plotted to determine the critical GSCP as enablers of environmental performance enhancement. Additionally, a comprehensive measurement structure is also absent that requires the inclusion of supply chain partners as aspects. The objective is to assess GSCP based on importance and performance level. The study reveals that supplier and manufacturer viewpoints are the most critical aspects. Furthermore, designing for recycling water and minimizing waste during manufacturing, participation in an ISO 14001 environmental certification system, selection of suitable suppliers based on environmental criteria are the critical GSCP attributes. The managerial implications also are presented. The study presents certain limitations and thus proposes future studies."
"AB In this paper, we address a green delivery-pickup problem for Home Hemodialysis Machines (HHMs) categorized as scarce commodities. The system supplies the HHMs either from the central depot of the company or from the individual owners. Based on the sharing economy concept, the individuals who own the HHM devices can involve in this home health care system and share them with others through the fleet of the company to make money. After delivery of portable HHM devices to the clients (patients), they will be collected, disinfected and reallocated to fulfill the demands of the other customers. Moreover, respecting the environmental concerns, the vehicles' fuel consumption and consequently the GHG emissions are realistically assumed as a function of the vehicles' load, such that the company and especially the individual owners contribute to reducing GHG emissions, in addition to the primary economic motivations. Current research provides a bi-objective mixed-integer linear programming model which seeks minimizing total system cost and total carbon emissions. In order to solve the problem, Torabi and Hassini's (TH) technique is applied and then a multi-objective meta-heuristic algorithm, self-learning non-dominated sorting genetic algorithm (SNSGA-II), is developed for medium- and large-sized problems. Finally, the application of the problem is investigated by a real case study from the healthcare sector. Numerical analyses indicate that the proposed green sharing-enabled model has a meaningful impact on both operational-level logistics determinations as well as the environmental important attainment indicators. As notable savings are guaranteed in terms of total system cost and emission, the proposed model has a great potential to provide the item sharing activities with a proper sustainable solution."
"AB Citrus Huanglongbing (HLB), also known as citrus greening, is the most destructive disease in the citrus industry. Detecting this disease as early as possible and eradicating the roots of HLB-infected trees can control its spread. Ground diagnosis is time-consuming and laborious. Large area monitoring method of citrus orchard with high accuracy is rare. This study evaluates the feasibility of large area detection of citrus HLB by low altitude remote sensing and commits to improve the accuracy of large-area detection. A commercial multispectral camera (ADC-lite) mounted on DJI M100 UAV(unmanned Aerial Vehicle) was used to collect green, red and near-infrared multispectral image of large area citrus orchard, a linear-stretch was performed to remove noise pixel, vegetation indices (VIs) were calculated followed by correlation analysis and feature compression using PCA (principal components analysis) and AutoEncoder to discover potential features. Several machine learning algorithms, such as support vector machine (SVM), k-nearest neighbour (kNN), logistic regression (LR), naive Bayes and ensemble learning, were compared to model the healthy and HLB-infected samples after parameter optimization. The results showed that the feature of PCA features of VIs combining with original DN (digital numbers) value generally have highest accuracy and agreement in all models, and the ensemble learning and neural network approaches had strong robustness and the best classification results (100% in AdaBoost and 97.28% in neural network) using threshold strategy."
"AB Motivated by a lack of research on port sustainability performance and assessment, this paper uses a systematic literature review to identify trends, measurement methods, and mechanisms for the implementation of strategy and policy in this area. The paper provides a comprehensive and critical evaluation of port operational sustainability, focusing on ascertaining the impact of its implementation. The study analysed and synthesised established characteristics in the current literature regarding the performance of port sustainability and its evaluation in terms of operations and management. Successful performance measurement in port sustainability is driven by the dependence on establishing accurate indicators as the basis for measurement. Our clustering of analytical sustainability indicators reveals that environmental research is focused on pollution, social research is mainly focused on human resource management, while economic research is mainly on port management and borderline investment. Findings are discussed in four key areas of port sustainability performance and assessment: existing trends, implementation of measures, mechanisms for implementation, and assessment gaps and challenges. For existing trends, attempts to evaluate the applicability and practicality of green operations have improved the awareness and promotion of governmental green policies. Implementation measures relate to the utilisation of techniques that reveal optimal practices for practical sustainable operations while mechanisms largely relate to establishing indicators which increase understanding of performance. Finally, challenges in this field include achieving consistency among ports in how sustainability is measured. Future research should incentivise improvements in port operational practice and encourage self-examination in order to reprioritise activity."
"AB Wastewater management has become one of the critical environmental challenges, as waste effluents from municipalities and industries including livestock farms are released into the environment resulting in the deterioration of water ecology, if left untreated. Through this study, we have developed a microalgae mediated green integrated process for wastewater remediation, while simultaneously producing biomass as potentially sustainable feedstock for biofuels. Chlorococcum sp. was cultivated in different types of wastewater and tested for nutrient remediation efficacy as well as biomass production. The results with respect to nutrient removal capacity in wastewater were encouraging as nitrogen was almost completely remediated, whereas removal percentages for carbon and phosphorous were between 67 and 89%. The results obtained using waste mixtures of wastewater effluents and poultry litter waste indicates substantial gain in microalgal biomass yield, an increase of more than 1.5-fold was observed as opposed to unsupplemented use. The obtained experimental microalgal growth data were fitted with a logistic growth model and found to provide a good fit between predicted values and investigated values. Furthermore, the lipid accumulation was enhanced by 2-fold in waste mixtures when compared to standard medium, and the lipids were mainly composed of C16 and C18 fatty acids, which are considered favourable for good-quality biodiesel. The strategy adopted in this study served the dual purpose of waste management and microalgal biomass production for biofuel application, thus making the entire process cost-effective and green."
AB Purpose: Adolescence may be a period particularly relevant for acquisition of lifelong habits of physical activity (PA). We investigated the tracking of leisure-time PA from 13 to 17 years old and the influence of urban environment and other determinants.
"AB The aim was to examine how proximity to facilities, as a component of community determinants, is associated with the health-related habits of functionally independent community-dwelling older adults. This was a cross-sectional study. Data were collected by face-to-face interviews. Participants were >65 years old, living in 15 municipalities of Gipuzkoa (Basque Country, Spain). Proximity to park-green spaces, cultural-sport centers, market-food stores, retirement associations, religious centers, primary care centers and hospitals was explored. Sociodemographic variables and health-related habits (diet, physical activity and self-perceived social life) were collected. Logistic regression models were performed. The sample comprised of 634 individuals (55% women; mean age: 74.8, SD 6.7 years). Older age (odds ratio-OR: 0.94, 95% CI: 0.91-0.97) was associated with lower physical activity, while being male (OR: 1.71, 95% CI: 1.08-2.68) and proximity to park-green spaces (OR: 1.64, 95% CI: 1.03-2.61) were related to more physical activity. Individuals with good self-perceived health (OR: 3.50, 95% CI: 1.82-6.74) and religious centers within walking distance (OR: 2.66, 95% CI: 1.40-5.04) had higher odds of a satisfactory social life. Encouraging the creation of park-green spaces and leisure centers near residential areas can assist in promoting physical activity and improving the social life of older adults."
"AB Purpose - The purpose of this paper is to take the first step in solving environmental supply chain management issues. It proposes a green supply chain management (GSCM) model which would provide environmental benefits to the Thai rubber industry. To this end, a GSCM optimisation model was formulated, whereby the manufacturing processes of rubber products, along with their distribution and transportation, could be improved. The expected result is that total greenhouse gas emissions would be minimised and environmental performance maximised."
"AB In this paper, a mixed-integer nonlinear programming model is developed for a general edible oil closed loop supply chain network design problem under hybrid uncertainty which is then transformed to its linear counterpart. In order to cope with the hybrid uncertainty in input parameters, scenario-based and fuzzy- based parameters, a new approach is proposed including a novel robust fuzzy programming and an efficient method based on the Me measure. Furthermore, the performance of the proposed model is compared with that of other models. Finally, numerical studies and simulation are performed to verify our mathematical formulation and demonstrate the benefits of the proposed model."
"AB Purpose Recently, in turbulent and highly competitive marketplace, organizational sustainability in the long run necessitates the adaptation of appropriate supply chain (SC) strategies. Hence, traditional SC philosophies are being restructured nowadays to fulfill different business goals. Articulation of lean, agile, green and resilient SC strategies could amply be found in the literature; however, integration of those in various modes may definitely improve overall SC's performance. Past researchers have focused on the integration of lean, agile and green paradigms together to ensure an efficient SC construct. But the integration of green and resilient paradigm has been rarely reported in the literature. To deal with the unexpected situations/disturbances in the SC management along with embedded environmental consciousness, the purpose of this paper is to integrate the resilient SC and green SC philosophies; thereof to evaluate of an overall SC g-resilient/ecosilient index for a case automotive company."
"AB Hydrothermal liquefaction (HTL) is a promising technology for the production of renewable biocrude from a variety of biomass. Experiments with different biogenic wastes such as sewage sludge, food and green waste and grease residue were performed to assess their suitability for hydrothermal liquefaction either as individual material or in physical mixtures with microalgae biomass (= hydrothermal co-liquefaction). The experiments were carried out in a high pressure batch autoclave at temperatures of 350 degrees C, a holding time of 15 min in nitrogen-atmosphere and a dry matter content of 10%. Mass balances revealed the yields of the four HTL-phases (biocrude, gaseous, solid and water phase). Additional analyses comprise Soxhlet-extraction to determine the lipid content of the raw materials, FTIR spectroscopy for HTL-gas phase composition as well as determination of calorific values and elemental compositions for raw material and respective biocrude samples. The following biocrude yields were achieved for the individual raw materials: green waste - 4.4%; sewage sludge - 12.0%; food waste - 18.2%; grease residue - 76.3%; chlorella vulgaris - 18.3%. Co-liquefaction effects for binary physical mixtures (50:50) of the biogenic residues with chlorella vulgaris could not be observed on a statistically significant basis. Hence, for the investigated samples, co-liquefaction is an option to reduce logistics costs and ensure sufficient and constant raw material mixtures for processing rather than increasing the biocrude yields by synergistic effects during Co-HTL."
"AB Purpose - Green or sustainable supply chain management (GSCM/SSCM) has in recent years attracted much attention from academia and practitioners in all part of the world. In recent years, all humanity has experienced severe climate change which is widely attributed to human activity. Harmful emissions have made a major contribution to recent climate change which presents major challenges and threats to the entire human race in form of global warming, earthquakes, hurricanes, tsunami and floods. The purpose of this paper is to propose a conceptual GSCM/SSCM framework contributing to knowledge-based view theory and systems theory (ST) and provide an exhaustive list of further research directions."
"AB This study aims to design a sustainable maritime supply chain by taking customer requirements as the focus. This is achieved by an analytical approach combining Quality Function Deployment (QFD) and Analytical Network Process (ANP) for guiding shipping companies' design. An analysis of a major container shipping line is conducted to illustrate and validate the approach. The four main customer requirements are: (1) Cost and Price Competitive, (2) Pollution Reduction, (3) Efficient Use of Fuel and Resources, and (4) Health, Safety, and Security. The Use of Green Design Ships, Engines and Machinery is found to be the most important design requirement. (C) 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB In recent years, the issues of large energy consumption and degraded living environments have attracted considerable attention in developed and developing countries. Hence, green housing (GH) has become a popular strategy for achieving sustainable urbanization. The demand in the GH market played an important role in promoting GH. In China, whether potential consumers will pay for GH remains unclear. In this circumstance, this study aims to explore the willingness of construction practitioners, who are regarded to have more knowledge concerning GH, to pay for GH in China. Based on the theory of planned behavior (TPB), nine critical factors related to practitioners' willingness to pay (WTP) were examined through face-to-face interviews using a questionnaire survey. A total of 180 construction participants in Jinan were investigated in this study. A binary logistic regression model was used to analyze the collected data. The research finding revealed that only 68 respondents were willing to pay for GH. Four factors showed significant and positive influences in practitioners' WTP, including environmental awareness, GH comfort, government incentive, and neighbors'/friends' assessment. By contrast, GH price displayed a significant and negative influence in practitioners' WTP. The remaining factors, namely, mature GH market, degree of popularity, publicity of GH from developers, and GH affordability, showed insignificant relationships with the practitioners' WTP. The research findings can provide a helpful reference for policy makers to formulate effective incentive policies in the promotion of GH."
"AB The purpose of this paper is to study the integrated physical material management (including suppliers' selection, order allocation, and multi-mode inbound transportation) and multi-site aggregate production planning with direct shipping. A multi-objective programming model is developed to determine the material purchasing plan, transportation modes, and production-related decisions in a (non-overlapped) multi-period tactical planning horizon. An interactive algorithm is developed, based on the interval expected value of fuzzy numbers and satisfaction degree, to obtain compromise solutions. Finally, numerical studies show the usefulness of our proposed framework in the clothing supply chain."
"AB Purpose The purpose of this paper is to monitor the environmental efficiency of suppliers in the presence of undesirable output and dual-role factors with static and dynamic aspects. Meanwhile, it also aims to explain the main reason for the low efficiency of suppliers. Design/methodology/approach The authors propose a modified data model considering undesirable output and dual-role factors. The study integrates the modified data envelopment analysis model into the distance function of the Malmquist-Luenberger index. Moreover, this study uses the global benchmark technology to formulate a two-stage model. To verify the validity of this model, a model application is conducted on an automotive spare components company in China. Findings The results identify the unique status of dual-role factors based on the global optimality of the model and then categorize inefficient suppliers in an individual evaluation cycle. In addition, each supplier is projected on a frontier curve after obtaining the improved data. Furthermore, through the status plot of M-L and its components, this paper concludes that efficiency scale change is the main reason for the gap in ecological performance between different suppliers. Originality/value Evaluating green suppliers through multiple consecutive evaluation cycles will aid a company in effectively managing its key suppliers. Furthermore, the evaluation provides policy guidance for further improvement of suppliers."
"AB Purpose The purpose of this paper is to examine consumer attitudes toward genetically modified (GM) and organic foods with a broader list of control variables that includes green attitudes, impulsive purchasing, concerns about privacy, religiosity, birth order, and political preferences."
"AB Recent studies have shown that urban vegetation is unevenly distributed across numerous North American cities: neighbourhoods predominantly inhabited by low-income populations and/or by certain ethnic groups have less vegetation cover. The goal of this paper is to examine the existence of environmental inequities related to access to urban vegetation on the Island of Montreal for four population groups (low-income people, visible minorities, individuals 0-14 years old and persons 65 years old and over). Six indicators of vegetation in and around residential city blocks (within 250 m and 500 m) are computed by using QuickBird satellite images. These indicators are then related to socioeconomic data by using different statistical analyses (T-test, seemingly unrelated regression and multinomial logistic regression). The results show that low-income people and, to a lesser degree, visible minorities reside in areas where vegetation is less abundant. On the other hand, the opposite situation is found for children and the elderly. The use of indicators computed in and around city blocks leads to the finding of a double inequity in certain neighbourhoods. This points to the need to target vegetation-deprived areas for urgent greening in order to improve vegetation cover within city blocks (in residential yards or through alternatives such as green walls and green roofs) and around these blocks (along streets and in parks). (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Bioretention flow-through planters manage stormwater with smaller space requirements or structural constraints associated with other forms of green infrastructure. This project monitored the hydrology of four bioretention planters at Stevens Institute of Technology to evaluate the system's ability to delay runoff and fully capture small rain events. The water depth in the outflow and the volumetric water content near the inflow were measured continuously over 15 months. Rainfall characteristics were documented from an on-site rain gauge. This monitoring determined the time from the start of a rain event to the onset of outflow from each planter, which was defined as the lag. The initial moisture deficit (difference between pre-event volumetric water content and maximum measured volumetric water content), approximate runoff volume, and approximate runoff volume in the first half hour were analysed to determine their effect on runoff capture and lag. During the monitoring period, 38% of observations did not produce measurable outflow. Logistic regression determined that the initial moisture deficit and approximate runoff volume were statistically significant in contributing to a fully captured storm. Despite the large hydraulic loading rate and concrete bottom, the planters demonstrate effective discharge lag, ranging from 5 to 1,841 min with a median of 77.5 min. Volumetric water content of the media and inlet runoff volume in the first half hour were significant in modelling the lag duration. These results represent a combination of controllable and uncontrollable aspects of green infrastructure: media design and rainfall."
"AB Background: The complex impact of environmental and social factors on preschool children being overweight/obese is unclear. We examined the associations between the levels of green space exposure and the risk of being overweight/obese for 4-6 year-old children and assessed the impact of maternal education on these associations. Methods: This cross-sectional study included 1489 mother-child pairs living in Kaunas, Lithuania, in 2012-2013. We assessed children overweight/obesity by standardized questionnaires using international body mass index cut-off points, and the level of greenness exposures by satellite-derived normalized difference vegetation index (NDVI) of each child's home and by the distance to a nearest city park. The maternal education was used as the SES indicator. We used logistic regression models to investigate the strength of the associations. Results: Children from families with poorer maternal education, pathological mother-child relations and smoking mothers, and living in areas with less greenness exposure (NDVI-100 m), had significantly higher odds ratios of being overweight/obese. Lower maternal education and distance to a city park modified the effect of greenness cover level exposure on the risk of children being overweight/obese. Conclusions: Higher greenness exposure in the residential settings has beneficial effects on children's physical development. The green spaces exposures for psychosocial stress management is recommended as a measure to prevent overweight/obesity among children."
"AB Background Unprecedented levels of habitat transformation and rapid urbanisation are changing the way individuals interrelate with the natural environment in developing countries with high economic disparities. Although the potential benefit of green environments for mental health has been recognised, population-level evidence to this effect is scarce. We investigated the effect of green living environment in potentially countering incident depression in a nationally representative survey in South Africa."
"AB With rapid economic development and urbanization, a large number of primary resources are consumed and accumulate in society as recyclable resource, which causes great pressure on the environment. The development of the resource recycling industry (RRI) can reduce environmental impacts and achieve sustainable development and green growth. Scholars are paying more attention to the resource recycling industry (RRI), and the related literature continues to increase. There are over 7041 publications covering RRI in the Web of Science database from 1996 to 2018. This paper analyzes the time distribution characteristics of the literature and the status of the scientific research cooperation network using the visualization analysis software CiteSpace. The number of documents increased from 94 in 1996 to a peak of 963 in 2018. There is no relatively stable core author group. The number of papers published by ""Chinese Acad Sci"" ranks first among all research institutions. Document co-citation analysis and burst detection are adopted to assess the status and emerging trends in the RRI research domain. A publication by M.C. Monte on waste management is the most cited paper. Additionally, ""green and sustainable and technology"" and ""science and technology-other topics"" are the latest emerging subject categories in RRI research. Furthermore, ""e-waste"", ""reverse logistics"" and ""lean manufacturing"" are emerging research trends for RRI, and ""carbon emissions"", ""policy"", ""demolition waste"", ""supply chain management"" and ""compressive strength"" have become hot topics. These findings may provide inspiration for scholars to search for new research directions and ideas."
"AB Industries face significant pressures to enact eco-friendly practices in their supply chain due to the constraints of natural resources and growing ecological awareness among customers. Reverse logistics (RL) has been considered as a systematic approach for industries to improve their environmental impacts and to ensure sustainability in business. Industries are enthusiastic to adopt RL activities in their businesses, but they also face challenges such as insufficient knowledge and resources regarding RL implementation. Therefore, we seek to evaluate the critical success factors (CSFs) linked to the implementation of RL in manufacturing industries in India. In this work, a structural model is proposed by using Analytical Hierarchy Process (AHP) and Decision Making Trial and Evaluation Laboratory (DEMATEL) methods to evaluate the CSFs in RL adoption. The AHP methodology assists in establishing the priorities of the CSFs, while the DEMATEL approach categorizes the causal relationships among them. The findings of this work shows that the Global competitiveness main factor is highly prioritized, and thus, needs to be focused greatly in order to increase the effectiveness of RL adoption in business. The relative priority of the remaining main factors through AHP analysis is given as Regulatory factors- HR and organizational factors-Economic factors- Strategic factors. The findings also indicate that Global competitiveness; Regulatory; HR and organizational main factors are classified under cause group, while Economic and Strategic main factors belong to effect group. This model will help business analysts and supply chain managers formulate both short-term and long-term, flexible decision strategies for successfully managing and implementing RL adoption in the supply chain scenarios. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB In this contribution, we assess the traditional last mile delivery concept and a framework with commercial parking bays for carriers in terms of their sustainability value for urban stakeholders. We evaluate the potential advantages and disadvantages of commercial parking bays and provide routing solutions based on the given context and stakeholder objectives. To ensure the needs of the stakeholders and the possibility of a near future implementation in the dynamic real-world system, we chose a combined approach of simulation and mathematical optimization, which allows us to investigate the concept efficiently and with a high reliability. By means of an agent-based simulation model as well as a mixed-integer linear model, we establish a heuristic routing solution for minimizing both emissions and delivery durations. We consider different scenarios in which customers are visited in a delivery radius, around a specific commercial parking bay. Outside this radius, delivery operations are conducted through second-row parking activities. Our results for the area of investigation show that the investigated scenario featuring a 200-m delivery radius around the parking bays has a 29.8% emission savings potential compared to traditional parcel delivery procedures. Moreover, optimizing the delivery routes with our green vehicle routing approach has indicated an additional savings potential of 26.4% in terms of delivery duration and 16.4% in terms of emission output for traditional parcel deliveries. Concerning the individual evaluation of the logistics context, our results indicate that dedicated commercial parking bays could be attractive to most urban stakeholders when employed utilizing a hybrid approach, combining traditional delivery activities with commercial parking bay fulfillment."
"AB Although some progress has been made in the molecular biological detection of major depression disorder (MDD), its specificity and accuracy are still insufficient. This study is aimed to find hub genes, which could contribute to MDD related suicide and provide potential therapeutic targets for diagnosis and treatment. We downloaded RNA expression and clinical information from Gene Expression Omnibus (GEO) Dataset. Then, weighted gene co-expression network analysis (WGCNA) was applied to find core modules. Logistic regression was performed to identify the independent risk factors, and a scoring system was constructed based on these independent risk factors. As a result, a total of 16487 genes were selected to further conducted WGCNA analysis. We found that tan and green functional modules were exhibited high correlation with suicide behavior. 309 genes were identified in tan modules that were the strongest positively correlated with suicide behavior. Functional analysis in tan module indicated that activation of enzymes including nitric-oxide synthase and endoribonuclease, estrogen signaling pathway, glucagon signaling pathway, and legionellosis pathway were most enriched in MDD. Furthermore, we applied protein-protein interaction (PPI) analysis to select the hub genes and 10 genes were found in the core area of network. Then, we identified three-gene base independent risk signature by logistic regression model, including HSPA1A, RASEF, TBC1D8B. In conclusion, our study suggests that the tan module genes are closely related to suicide behaviors, which is mainly caused by multiple signaling pathway activation. The three-genes-based signature could provide a better efficacy to predict suicidal behavior in MDD patients."
"AB The ""First-Last Mile"" problem (FLM) is a relevant transport issue. According to the Green Paper on Urban Mobility, the combination of passenger and freight flows may be a valid approach to promote sustainable, efficient and socially desirable FLM transport. This paper proposes a set of key performance indicators to evaluate potential improvements in operational, environmental and social performances of integrated passenger and freight flows, compared to the current transport schemes. The two case studies of the Northern lagoon of Venice in Italy and the Slovenian Municipality of Velenje indicate that the model may be particularly effective in those cases where reduced freight volumes, limited freight pickup/delivery locations and a lower elasticity of the travel demand reduce the constraints to the adoption of this integrated scheme. Results call for a reduction both in distances travelled and in externalities produced, and hence a good potential in FLM terms. Beside these technical aspects, one of the main issues is the need for innovation in the normative/regulatory context: a prerequisite in order to apply this solution to real-life contexts."
"AB The reverse logistics supply chain (RLSC) facilitates the greening of the traditional construction industry supply chain. Despite the growing interest in this approach, limited studies focus on quality assurance (QA) in RLSC, which is crucial to resolve the issue of the low quality in reprocessed products. This study aims to explore the elements which contribute to the QA of RLSC of demolition waste (DW) by conducting a systematic literature review (SLR). A total of 91 articles available in six search engines between 2000 and 2019 were exposed to descriptive and content analysis. The descriptive analysis revealed that most of the articles were experimental studies (35%) and published during the recent period of 2013-2019 (64%). Furthermore, 60% of articles were originated from developed countries while 32% originated from developing countries. The results of the content analysis established that an information-centric integrated system of process, people, policy and technology is needed for QA in RLSC, which is supported by government, regulatory bodies, industry and universities/research institutions. The study addresses the existing gap by proposing a conceptual framework, which could be considered as the foundation in enforcing QA in the RLSC of DW. Finally, the implications for research and practice and some recommendations for further research were presented. The study facilitates in paving the path to sustainable development through building the foundation to enforce QA in RSLC of DW."
"AB Urban stream syndrome, including urban waterlogging, flood risk, water shortage, water pollution and ecological restoration, are major challenges that cause potential risks to human beings. Recently, the sponge city construction (SCC) initiative in China has received extensive attention because it aims to systematically solve all of these urban water-related issues for a city. To date, little research has focused on the life-cycle operations, maintenance requirements and low public awareness of sponge city facilities (SCFs; e.g., rain gardens, green roofs, grass swales, and pavement greenbelts), which are challenges facing the development and sustainability of the SCC initiative. The aim of this study is to explore (i) the willingness to pay (WTP) for the life-cycle maintenance of SCFs and its determinants and (ii) the public's perceptions and attitudes towards the SCC initiative. We conducted a questionnaire-based survey combined with contingent valuation in three pilot sponge cities and then applied a two-phase logistic model and Tobit model to estimate the WTP of the respondents and the factors influencing the WTP. The results show that 76% of the respondents agreed to pay for life-cycle maintenance of SCFs, and the median amount of WTP was 16.57 CNY (2.53 USD) per month. Important factors influencing WTP include respondents' perceptions of the efficacy of the SCFs, concerns regarding the waterlogging risk and support for the SCF construction plans. The findings of this research extend our knowledge of the public's perceptions of and attitudes towards the SCC initiative and suggest that public contributions could serve as a crucial and feasible funding source for the life-cycle maintenance of SCFs."
"AB The management of disposed waste in illegal landfills (ILs) is a significant problem in contemporary societies due to respective hazards for the environment and human health. This paper presents a characterisation of ILs on the islands of La Palma (LP) and Gran Canaria (GC) based on multivariable statistical analysis. Inspection of numerous sites on both islands revealed a total of 153 and 286 ILs on LP and GC, respectively. A geospatial database was created composed of different potentially explanatory features of different typology (177): waste type, control and vigilance, socioeconomic, accessibility, distance to elements of interest, visibility and physical. The degree of association between the explanatory features and the occurrence of ILs was analysed with the support of exploratory statistics and the multivariable analysis techniques of principal component analysis (PCA) and binary logistic regression (LR). PCA explained 82.34% and 81.83% of total data variance in LP and GC, respectively, considering 7 and 6 components (Kaiser-Mayer-Olkin; LP: 0.715; GC: 0.711). The LR models for LP and GC had an overall accuracy of 93.5% and 92.5%. In LP and GC, 6 of 23 features and 9 of 21 features were, respectively, selected. The features most associated with the occurrence of ILs were: in LP, building density, distance to agricultural spaces and distance to green zones; in GC, the industrial activity indicator, density of ground use transition to artificial covers, density of greenhouses and distance to communication routes."
"AB PURPOSE: To compare the differences among clinical, demographic, and multimodal imaging features of choroidal granulomas associated with tuberculosis and sarcoidosis."
AB Purpose The purpose of this paper is to review the relevant literature on low carbon supply chain management (LCSCM) and classify it on contextual base. It also aims at identifying key decision-making issues in LCSCM. This paper also highlights some of the future challenges and scope of research in this domain.
"AB Growth in environmental sustainability has prompted the logistics industry to seek sustainable development, and carbon tax policies are considered an effective approach to reducing carbon emissions. This study investigates the optimization of sustainable transportation and inventory under a carbon tax policy and explores effective methods for coordinating the interests of governments and enterprises. The results can provide insights into sustainable logistics for decision-making by enterprises and policy-making by governments. We first examine a Stackelberg game model and design an iterative solution to optimize sustainable transportation and inventory under the carbon tax policy. We then establish a three-stage dynamic game model to optimize the wholesale price, carbon tax rate, and proportion of sustainable investment shared by the government. Furthermore, we perform a simulation to identify the optimal solution of the three-stage game, and we compare the simulation results with a numerical example. The results indicate that a carbon tax policy can improve social welfare and the sustainability of transportation and inventory but could hinder corporate profits. An appropriate sustainable investment-sharing strategy could compensate for the shortcomings of the carbon tax policy and result in positive outcomes for governments and enterprises."
"AB Today's global economy shows that particular markets have become much more saturated and heterogenous than ever before. They are dominated by consumer's individual needs whose behaviour is changing under the influence of external or internal factors. Therefore, global consumption is on a constant growth. When taking into account long-term sustainability as well as our moral commitment to nature and its resources, we need to focus on environmental protection and consider reusing materials within a production process. One of the solutions is to focus on green innovations, which are applicable in the circular economy and apply ecological and economic models of initial recycling into a production process. The main goal of our paper is to define a model of application of eco-eco principles in the circular economy by providing a specific view on the model aspect of procurement of production materials from recycling as well as presenting various possibilities on how to meet eco-eco goals of businesses which are based upon circular economy principles. The main output of the paper is the proposal of three variants how to approach product recycling models while emphasising their specificities and usability."
"AB Green manufacturing is a growing trend, and an effective layout design method for production lines can reduce resource wastage in processing. This study focuses on existing problems such as low equipment utilization, long standby time, and low logistics efficiency in a mixed-flow parallel production line. To reduce the energy consumption, a novel method considering an independent buffer configuration and idle energy consumption analysis is proposed for this production line's layout design. A logistics intensity model and a machine tool availability model are established to investigate the influences of independent buffer area configuration on the logistics intensity and machine tool availability. To solve the coupling problem between machine tools in such production lines, a decoupling strategy for the relationship between machine tool processing rates is explored. An energy consumption model for the machine tools, based on an optimized configuration of independent buffers, is proposed. This model can effectively reduce the idle energy consumption of the machine tools while designing the workshop layout. Subsequently, considering the problems encountered in workshop production, a comprehensive optimization model for the mixed-flow production line is developed. To verify the effectiveness of the mathematical model, it is applied to an aviation cabin production line. The results indicate that it can effectively solve the layout problem of mixed-flow parallel production lines and reduce the idle energy consumption of machine tools during production. The proposed buffer configuration and layout design method can serve as a theoretical and practical reference for the layout design of mixed-flow parallel production lines."
"AB In the light of increased environmental concerns and the unsustainability of current construction practices, 'reverse logistics' (RL) has emerged as a remedial strategy, whereby decommissioned buildings are salvaged and returned back through the value chain for recovery, refurbishment and reuse. The drivers that impact the uptake of RL are known, but if sustainability outcomes are to be enhanced, the strength of those drivers must be quantified in order to ascertain where efforts should be focused. This study aims to quantify the effects of known drivers on RL, and in so doing identify action items with the greatest potential to positively improve RL outcomes. RL drivers are culled from extant research, and categorized as economic, environmental, or social forces. A conceptual model is developed and tested against questionnaire results drawn from 49 expert respondents active in the South Australian construction industry. The results are analyzed using structured equation modeling. Economic and environmental drivers, such as the continuing relative high cost of salvaged items, along with expediency of cost, time and quality objectives overshadowing regulatory demands for use of such salvaged items, are shown to predict 34% of the variations in implementing RL. Of particular interest is the finding contradicting previous studies, showing that social drivers, such as perceived benefits from 'going green' had no significant impact. Thus, the road-map to improving RL outcomes lies in reducing costs of salvaged materials, augmenting environmental policies that promoted their use, and to initiate a regulatory framework to generate compliance. This insight will be of interest to industry policymakers and environmental strategists alike. (C) 2018 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB The concept of 'smart cities' is rooted on the approach taken by cities to reconcile the three often conflicting objectives of economic efficiency, environmental quality and social equity. The expectation that smart cities may promote the adoption of scalable solutions that take advantage of information and communication technologies (ICT) to increase their effectiveness, reduce costs and to improve the quality of life is great among academia, business and governmental stakeholders. Traffic management systems in its multiple applications (including re-routing) are an example of ICT solutions that can expectably lead to the purpose pursued by 'smart cities'. This paper develops a performance evaluation of re-routing for passenger and commercial vehicles with a case study in the city of Lisbon, Portugal. The paper examines how the provision of guidance information to drivers affects traffic performance, operational costs and environmental conditions at different spatial references, namely route level and urban network level. The simulation results indicate that the re-routing can not only reduce travel times, but also enhance the efficiency of roads in the city network and as well the traffic performance at the route level of analysis. The improvement at local route levels (such as corridor/route) is more significant than at the city network level. For the urban network level, simulation results suggest that re-routing can bring variations in travel and delays that may reach 2% and 6%, respectively, when a 10% drivers' compliance rate is considered. Individual drivers are more likely to comply to deviate than urban logistics drivers and bus drivers. (C) 2017 Published by Elsevier Ltd."
"AB Purpose - Carbon Efficient Practices (CEPs) are gaining momentum due to the serious consequences of climate change. While past studies have focused on the effects of either drivers or barriers to green practices especially in the context of developed countries, relatively little attention has been devoted to the simultaneous effects of drivers and barriers on product redesign, particularly in the context of China. The paper aims to discuss these issues."
"AB Context: This paper presents a literature review of the Inventories Routing Problem (IRP) applied to supply chains of perishable products. Different approaches to solve this problem are identified and described in terms of structures, models and solution methods."
"AB Using green, brown, and white cotton as materials, the contents of cellulose, carbohydrates, and flavonoid compounds as well as enzyme activities related to cellulose synthesis were investigated at various stages of fibre development to elucidate the characteristics of cellulose synthesis. The results showed that cellulose contents in all three cotton fibres showed 'S-shaped curve' changing patterns. According to a logistic growth model, the lower maximum accumulative rate of cellulose in the coloured cotton indicated less cellulose accumulation during fibre development. No significant differences in the carbohydrate content and carbohydrate transformation rates were observed between coloured and white cotton fibre. However, the flavonoid content in coloured cotton fibres was significantly higher than white cotton, and the flavonoid biosynthesis in coloured cotton fibres consumed a large amount of carbohydrates which should normally be used for cellulose synthesis. Low indoleacetic acid oxidase and peroxidase activities lowered cellulose accumulation in coloured cotton fibres. High activities of sucrose synthetase and beta-1,3-glucanase in coloured cotton fibres may promote efficient utilization of carbohydrates. However, carbohydrate metabolism in the coloured cotton fibre should not only be responsible for cellulose biosynthesis but also for flavonoid biosynthesis."
"AB Purpose - In the present context of a health-concious society, management of pharmaceutical supply chains has become more complex because it involves the life-saving interest of human being and requires the participation of different stakeholders such as pharmaceutical manufacturers, wholesalers, distributors, customers, information service providers and regulatory agencies. Limited research is available in the area of pharmaceutical supply chains. This paper aims to find the gaps in the literature by reviewing research papers on different strategic issues of supply chain management in the pharmaceutical sector."
"AB Waste management is an important issue in the field of green logistics. It has consequently drawn the attention of the scientific community and has been extensively investigated over the past few years. Through an analysis of the existing waste management literature, we attempt in this paper to better understand past developments in this area as well as emerging trends and recent developments. Emphasis will be put mainly on Operations Research and Management Science techniques when dealing with waste management problems. To reach this target, we follow bibliometric-based methods, specifically Co-citation Analysis, Betweenness Centrality and Burst Detection combined with network visualization. After identifying the research papers published between 1990 and 2018 within the Thomson Reuters Web of Science database, a Co-citation network has been constructed. We propose an algorithm for modularity-based clustering in small networks that iteratively solves a sequence of Mixed Integer Non-linear Programming problems to maximize the modularity therefore providing a non-overlapping partition of the network. A display of the principal research areas and landmark articles that shape the intellectual structure of the waste management problems during the last 30 years is reported."
"AB Straw recycling has generated high collection and transportation costs. Scientifically informed collection, storage, and transportation methods can reduce automobile exhaust emissions and high transportation costs. According to the relevant statistics, China's total theoretical straw resources reached 920 million tons in 2020. Due to such regional and seasonal straw surpluses, however, comprehensive utilization technologies need to be improved, and farmers' awareness of environmental protection needs to be strengthened. In some areas, open burning of straw is still practiced, causing environmental pollution and wasting resources. This study used cost and carbon emission metrics in a dual-objective planning model to plan the site selection of straw collection and storage facilities. Compared with the current manual calculation in various links in straw supply logistics, modeling can resolve the contradiction between cost and carbon emission considerations and can help meet the goal of Pareto optimum while ensuring supply, reducing costs for enterprises, and providing decision-making assistance for the government. This paper uses transportation theory and a dual-objective, mixed-integer model to study the field of biomass energy. Through the planning and design of the biomass raw material supply chain, the system efficiency is improved, and the studied company can obtain more profits. This article also explores the role of controlling carbon emissions in the field of biomass energy. It is believed that the government not only needs to guide corporate decision-making by charging carbon taxes but also needs to support enterprises in participating in the field of biomass power generation through active policy guidance."
"AB The freight transport industry of developing nations are trying very hard to achieve environmental sustainability in their logistics business. Meanwhile, it is essential to identify the transformation path towards sustainable freight transport for every nation. This paper has presented a framework based on transition management (TM) theory to identify, classify, and measure the important environmentally responsible transport practices (ERTPs). This work utilizes a two-step methodology comprised of a grey clustering (GC) algorithm and a compromise ranking method, i.e., VIseKriterijumska Optimizacija I Kompromisno Resenje (VIKOR) for prioritization of ERTPs performance. The GC algorithm is used to classify the ERTPs based on their impact on selected transport processes. Initially, this study identifies thirty-five ERTPs and four transport performance clusters. The proposed framework is validated with the Indian freight transport industry. The GC algorithm classifies twenty-one and fourteen practices as a high priority and moderate priority, respectively. The VIKOR method is used to compute the group utility, individual regret, and possibility value of high priority ERTPs. The ERTPs such as developing efficient freight terminal, compliance with government transport emission law and practice, promoting the use of the green container, environmental certification of freight carriers, and using alternative fuels are found as poor performing practices in the Indian freight transport industry. The proposed decision model robustness is tested with the sensitivity analysis, and a final ranking of the high priority ERTPs is presented. The outcomes of this research help logistics practitioners and policymakers in managing the ERTPs of freight logistics systems and develop a roadmap for improving freight transport sustainability. (c) 2021 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB A sustainable process satisfies the current needs without compromising the ability of future generations to satisfy their own needs; that is, it must have a triple impact (sustainability): social, economic, and environmental. In Mexico, there are several services that the government must provide to society for its proper development, for example, the collection of solid waste. Urban logistics include all the processes and operations that provide a service to the community, such as water, safety, health, waste collection, etc., providing the service with the lowest possible cost (economic, social, and environmental) that contributes to the sustainability of the city. Due to the accelerated growth of the world population, several environmental problems have arisen, among them, the generation of solid waste in important quantities; their proper management is relevant for adequate development of the population. The collection of solid waste in municipal areas aims to grant green spaces and recreation areas for the citizens. Although an outstanding effort has been made by the government to provide an adequate service, there are still gaps in the application of correct tools that guarantee efficiency in operations and continuity in services. This article presents a proposal to improve the planning of the design of territories for the cleaning, weeding, and collection of solid waste in municipal areas, using two MILP (Mixed Integer Linear Programming) models. The main contribution of the adaptation of this model is the application to the weeding and waste collection service municipality of the Monterrey Metropolitan Area, which considers important factors among which are the amount of waste, frequency, and service coverage."
AB Objectives To compare the value of functional future liver remnant (functFLR) to established clinical and imaging variables in prediction of post-hepatectomy liver failure (PHLF) after major liver resection.
"AB Understanding the diurnal and nocturnal habitat requirements of Galliformes is important for gauging their conservation needs. To examine these requirements, we measured microhabitat usage at daytime foraging and roost sites of the green-legged partridge Tropicoperdix chioropus located by radio telemetry at Khao Yai National Park in 2009-2010 and defined which habitat characteristics were influential. During the day, individuals utilised sites that had denser and thicker understory plants and cover than random sites. Binary logistic regression indicated that the density of understory plants and woody climber stems had the largest influence on partridge habitat selection. At night, partridges most on elevated trees. Adult males roosted alone within their territories during incubation, but during other times, they roosted as a pair or with the family group. After the chicks hatched, the female would take the chicks to most on the ground within tree buttresses until three weeks of age, when they were able to fly up to roost on trees. The mean roosting tree height was 5.6 m, and the mean perch height was 3.2 m from the ground. The partridges preferred roosting sites with a denser and higher canopy cover to their perch position (>3 in), but a lower density and canopy cover of understory plants under their perch position (<3 m). Binary logistic regression indicated positive associations with percent cover of small trees (3-5 m), but a negative association with percent cover of understory plants. Large trees had the most influence on most site selection. The use of different forest structures by the partridges during day and night supports the need for maintaining a complex habitat composition for the conservation of this species."
"AB Waste collection management is considered as one of the important issues in sustainable logistics design which is one of the new concepts in supply chain management. In recent years, researchers' attentions are attracted to apply green and sustainable concepts in their researches. This paper presents a novel multi-objective mathematical model considering a new collection network for waste collection problem. We are interested in the location decisions in design phase of the network and waste collection decisions in operational phase. The problem consists of activities related to collection, treatment, recycling, and disposal of hazardous wastes in multi stage network. Three objective functions including operational cost and social costs are considered, simultaneously. The model is used to evaluate fuel consumption and carbon dioxide emission and its impact on environment. A new hybrid meta-heuristic algorithm is designed to solve the problem and a new way to represent solutions is provided. Finally, experimental results are conducted and the results obtained by proposed algorithm are compared to four well-known meta-heuristic algorithms with respect to five comparison metrics. The results show the efficiency of proposed algorithm in some comparison metrics."
"AB It is estimated that 12-15% of total global industrial energy is consumed by the Cement Manufacturing Industry (CMI). To improve environmental sustainability, biomass has been used as an alternative to fossil fuels. There is a comprehensive literature on biomass production and conversion, but little attention has been paid to biomass logistics in the cement industry. We propose the use of cement distribution trucks to collect biomass on their return journeys. Compared with the use of specialist biomass suppliers, the collection of biomass via cement distribution networks has greater uncertainties in delivery times, volume and quality. This is because biomass collection is a secondary activity and is subject to cement order quantities and the random geographical locations of cement customers. To cope with these uncertainties, additional on-site storage and handling equipment is required. This paper proposes a stochastic programming model to measure the cost-effectiveness of collecting biomass using returning cement distribution trucks in comparison with purchasing biomass from specialised biomass suppliers. A numerical experiment based on a real-word dataset was conducted to verify the effectiveness of the developed model. (C) 2018 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Nowadays, an increasing number of vehicle routing problem with stochastic demands (VRPSD) models have been studied to meet realistic needs in the field of logistics. In this paper, a bi-objective vehicle routing problem with stochastic demands (BO-VRPSD) was investigated, which aims to minimize total cost and customer dissatisfaction. Different from traditional vehicle routing problem (VRP) models, both the uncertainty in customer demands and the nature of multiple objectives make the problem more challenging. To cope with BO-VRPSD, a membrane-inspired multi-objective algorithm (MIMOA) was proposed, which is characterized by a parallel distributed framework with two operation subsystems and one control subsystem, respectively. In particular, the operation subsystems leverage a multi-objective evolutionary algorithm with clustering strategy to reduce the chance of inferior solutions. Meanwhile, the control subsystem exploits a guiding strategy as the communication rule to adjust the searching directions of the operation subsystems. Experimental results based on the ten 120-node instances with real geographic locations in Beijing show that, MIMOA is more superior in solving BO-VRPSD to other classical multi-objective evolutionary algorithms."
"AB This paper uses a novel color image stego-crypto technique to enhance the capacity, security and robustness of data embedding process. The proposed scheme uses a base64 encoding technique and along with QR code generator to transform the secret data, i.e., watermark to a 2D binary matrix, i.e., QR code that considered as a first-level encryption process. Followed by, embedding of individual QR code into the color image components, namely red, green and blue using a dynamic bit replacement technique that guarantees a second level of security. Subsequently, scrambling of random block-pixels and the encryption of logistic chaos are performed. The experimental outcome of three levels of security scheme has proved to be with a much larger key space and a strong resistance to brute force, statistical and differential attacks. The correlation between adjacent pixels is observed to be uniformly distributed in the cipher image and the information entropy value is close to an ideal value of 8. From the simulation results, it is observed that the proposed security scheme has outperformed the existing standard encryption techniques within a single round of iteration in terms of security and robustness."
"AB Bioleaching is a green recycling technology for recovering precious metals from waste printed circuit boards (WPCBs). However, this technology requires increasing cyanide production to obtain desirable recovery efficiency. Luria-Bertani medium (LB medium, containing tryptone 10 g/L, yeast extract 5 g/L, NaCl 10 g/L) was commonly used in bioleaching of precious metal. In this study, results showed that LB medium did not produce highest yield of cyanide. Under optimal culture conditions (25 degrees C, pH 7.5), the maximum cyanide yield of the optimized medium (containing tryptone 6 g/L and yeast extract 5 g/L) was 1.5 times as high as that of LB medium. In addition, kinetics and relationship of cell growth and cyanide production was studied. Data of cell growth fitted logistics model well. Allometric model was demonstrated effective in describing relationship between cell growth and cyanide production. By inserting logistics equation into allometric equation, we got a novel hybrid equation containing five parameters. Kinetic data for cyanide production were well fitted to the new model. Model parameters reflected both cell growth and cyanide production process."
"AB Desert vegetation-habitat complexes in dryland systems are fragile ecosystems with complex vegetation-habitat feedback, and have significant implications for natural environment protection and global climate change mitigation. However, a spatial-detailed and high-precision remote sensing method for the identification of desert vegetation-habitat complexes and characterization of their biophysical processes remain scarce. Here, we developed an innovative cross-wavelet transform (XWT)-based approach coupled with logistic regression to extract critical vegetation-habitat interaction characteristics in order to identify, map, and understand their complex ecological processes. Fine intraannual profiles between the green vegetation (GV) fraction and habitat fractions including dark material (DA), saline land (SA), sand land (SL) were unmixed by Multiple Endmember Spectral Mixture Analysis (MESMA) from 16-period Gaofen-1 (GF-1) wide field of view (WFV) images in Minqin County, after which XWT was performed to extract feedback characteristics as feature parameters. Major principal components (PCs) were obtained from those feature parameters to reduce dimensions and solve multi-collinearity, logistic regression was applied for mapping. The results demonstrate that the proposed procedure efficiently reproduced desert vegetation-habitat complexes with high accuracy (overall accuracy: 87.33%; Kappa coefficient: 0.86) in the entire Minqin County, representing a 3.42% overall accuracy increase relative to a previously published decision tree (DT) method. The new method also had a lower quantity and allocation disagreement. Moreover, this procedure not only achieved comparable accuracy to that of an optimized Support Vector Machine (SVM) and superior to a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN)-based U-net model, but also explored biophysical processes and complex relationships with better interpretability. Therefore, the developed approach has the potential for accurately monitoring the highly heterogeneous dryland landscape and characterizing the land degradation processes in the spectral endmember space of fine spatial-temporal remote sensing data."
"AB Magnified resource consumption and depletion of natural resources calls for non-flexible or strict regulations and penalties on industrial operations, increased rate of processing and reuse of waste material as a substitute for raw material and political and legal interventions at global scale. Product recovery involves reuse, repair, refurbishing, remanufacturing and materials recycling, requires an efficient network design known as reverse logistic network and offers economical benefits in terms of fewer procurement of raw material, inventory management and less disposal. In current study, a mixed integer linear programming model designed on a multi-stage reverse logistics network for product recovery is proposed which considers different recovery options-product remanufacturing, component reprocessing and material recycling for sustainable outcomes. The model is designed to find optimal solutions for fulfilling demand and revenue needs by focusing on strategic locations for collection centers, reprocessing centers, remanufacturing plants and transportation options and simultaneously achieving sustainability goals. The model is applied on an Indian based manufacturing unit of a Saudi Arabian Industrial Air conditioner manufacturing organization and the case is presented here. The model is converted into a multi-objective programming model in accordance with the importance of each objective suiting the business needs. All relevant objective functions are evaluated using BWM, AHP and FAHP methods to obtain weights for integration into a fuzzy linear programming model which eventually provides three separate results. The model applied has originality and uniqueness for applications to solve multi-objective problems under uncertain environment and tends to strike a balance between economic and environmental objectives. The study provides for a base for further scope covering uncertainty about the amount and quality of returned products and even can be implemented by practitioners and academics for making a significant contribution in improving the efficiency of supply chains."
"AB The Pharmaceutical Supply Chain (PSC) is responsible for considerable environmental and product-value impacts. However, studies on the reverse flows of PSC do not capture the diverse routes of end-of-use and end-of-life medicines (EOU/EOL-M) and how the constraints in the forward supply chain processes and operations impact such reverse flows. This research proposes a classificatory review in which three categories of reverse flows are identified: donations, Reverse Logistics (RL) and Circular Economy (CE). Donations are characterized by explicit philanthropic acts involving corporate reputation or by emergency humanitarian action. RL is boosted by regulatory issues and restricted by business imperatives of the PSC. CE is characterized by informal loops of not expired medicines, mainly due to health professionals' initiatives (although this may not be clear to participants). This classification emerged from content analysis of 2622 references found in six databases, from which 127 were selected. Three questions guided the review in each category: (i) what are the elements of the forward PSC processes that impact PSC reverse flows?; (ii) in what stages of the PSC are the reverse flows identified?; (iii) what does the academic literature recommend for improving PSC reverse flows? The literature shows that excessive amounts and inappropriate types of medicines hinder donations. Inventory planning and quality control problems are the main difficulties for medicines RL. The circularity of EOU-M is affected significantly by frequent changes of patient therapies and health conditions, and by failures of healthcare agents in monitoring prescriptions. The proposed classification suggests that the circularity of not expired medicines is not yet researched in the field of logistics, supply chain and procurement, and it is scarcely considered in engineering, and business and management areas, which evokes a call for future research agenda. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB During cultivation of agricultural crops, it is important to accurately evaluate crop growth and perform the appropriate work at the right time. However, because a system for inexpensively and accurately determining crop growth automatically over time has not been developed, it is generally difficult for farmers to decide when to perform agricultural work. Therefore, we developed a system that can inexpensively and accurately evaluate the growth of crops over time. First, we developed a high-definition image monitoring device and periodically took images of an apple tree from a fixed point for 2 years from 2016 to 2017. Then, to obtain apple growth information, the radii of the apples in the images were measured manually, and the average radius was standardized from data for both years. We assumed that metrics for evaluating apple growth could be calculated from high-definition field monitoring images of the apple tree. Then, we introduced the green blue vegetation index (GBVI), which can be easily calculated from images taken with a visible light camera installed near an apple tree, and calculated the GBVI leaf area. Then, we analyzed the metrics that can evaluate apple growth. Specifically, logistic curve approximations were performed for both years with a standardized average apple radius as the dependent variable, and the effective cumulative temperature, cumulative sunshine duration, cumulative precipitation, cumulative maximum GBVI leaf area, cumulative average GBVI leaf area, and elapsed time were taken as independent variables. The obtained logistic curves were defined as growth curves. The results showed that when the cumulative maximum GBVI leaf area was used as an independent variable, the growth curves were almost the same in both years. Moreover, as a result of estimating the standardized average apple radius using each growth curve, the estimation error for the cumulative maximum GBVI leaf area used as an independent variable was the smallest among all the independent variables. These results suggested that the cumulative maximum GBVI leaf area calculated from images was the most useful metric for accurately evaluating apple growth. In addition, it was suggested that the harvestable apple radius could be predicted using the growth curve with the cumulative maximum GBVI leaf area as the independent variable. By incorporating the methods for calculating these metrics into the high-definition image monitoring device, we can develop an automatic apple growth evaluation system based on high-definition field monitoring images."
"AB BACKGROUND In field experiments, assessment of herbicide selectivity and efficacy rarely takes advantage of dose-response regressions. The objective is to demonstrate that logarithmic sprayers, which automatically make a logarithmic dilution of a herbicide rate, can extract biologically relevant parameters describing the efficacy of herbicides in crops, and compare localities and time of assessment. RESULTS In a conventional and an organic field, canola, white mustard, and no crop plots were sprayed with diflufenican and beflubutamid. A mixed effect log-logistic dose-response regression, with autoregressive correlation structure, estimated ED50 and ED90 for visual and Excess Green Index symptoms at various days after treatment (DAT). For visual assessment, ED50 differed within no crop between locations for beflubutamid at 12 DAT and 26 DAT. For diflufenican, the ED50 was different within crops at the two fields at 12 DAT, but not at 26 DAT. The Excess Green Indices at ED50 were not different among herbicides, locations, and corps; ED90 differed for white mustard and canola for beflubutamid but not for diflufenican. CONCLUSION Suitable nonlinear regression models are now available for fitting dose-response data from a logarithmic sprayer in field experiments. The derived parameters (e.g. ED50) can compare selectivity and efficacy at numerous cropping systems. (c) 2018 Society of Chemical Industry"
"AB Purpose The purpose of this study is to analyze the effect of low carbon product design on firm's competitiveness and economic performance. It also examines the mediating role of the proactive environmental strategy and eco-innovation on low carbon product design, competitiveness and economic performance. Design/methodology/approach Through a questionnaire-based survey, the data were collected from 69 Indian manufacturing firms and analyzed using a variance-based structural equation modeling (SEM) technique to test the proposed hypotheses. Findings The results show that the low carbon product design significantly improves firm's competitiveness and economic performance, and proactive environmental strategy significantly mediates the relationship between low carbon product design and firm's competitiveness. Practical implications This study provides a framework for the adoption of low carbon product design. It demonstrates how manufacturing firms can implement environmental friendly product design. It also analyses the contextual factors that ensure a successful low carbon product design. Originality/value This article investigates the economic benefit of low carbon product design, thus filling lacuna in existing research."
"AB The holistic shift from traditional supply chain to sustainable supply chain has been practiced in different industries for many years. The automotive industry, as one of the largest and most influential industries in the world, could have a substantial effect on the movement toward a sustainable society. Despite the growing body of literature in the field of sustainable supply chain management, there is no review article that comprehensively synthesizes the state-of-the-art research in the automotive industry. To cover this gap, this paper reviews the sustainable supply chain management literature in the automotive industry published between 1995 and 2017. A systematic review and content analysis were conducted to collect the studies and analyze their content. The content analysis was structured based upon a set of key business processes following the Integration Definition Function (IDEF0) method, which is a structured approach of analyzing business processes. The study provides a practical guideline for designing a sustainable automotive supply chain and culminates with the outlined research gaps and recommendations for future research."
"AB Sustainability has become a relevant element for organizations due to several motivators: companies adopt sustainability practices in need for regulatory compliance, anticipation of regulatory changes, understanding of limited natural resources, and a desire to limit expenditure associated with resource consumption and waste disposal. Thus, this article aims to identify the gaps present in maturity models, present an integrator theoretical model that considers the characteristic elements of the models present in the literature and affects the level of maturity in sustainability. The construction of the integrator theoretical model was based on the following stages: research questions; theoretical framework on Supply Chain Management; sustainability and concept of maturity model; maturity models and performance measurement systems; interpretation/analysis of research; and construction of the integrator theoretical model. The literature review was carried out in the Scopus and Web of Science databases. The main conclusions: maturity models focus on only one aspect or are excessively broad and do not include in detail the elements necessary to measure the level of maturity in sustainability. The proposed model aims to mitigate these gaps with the addition of the cross-sectional dimension, which offers an integrated and holistic view in relation to the other dimensions."
"AB Inventory routing problem (IRP) is one of the most important logistics problems; in this type of problems, decision maker usually has the option to use several types of vehicles to form a fleet with appropriate size and composition in order to minimize both inventory and transportation costs. Meanwhile, the increasing fuel consumption and its economic and environmental impacts mean that this issue must also be incorporated into the routing problems. This paper proposes a new bi-objective model for green inventory routing problem with the heterogeneous fleet. The objectives of the proposed model are (I) to reduce the emissions and (II) to minimize the fleet size, vehicle type, routing, and inventory costs. Given the NP-hard nature of the assessed problem, a bi-objective meta-heuristic algorithm based on the quantum evolutionary algorithm is proposed to achieve these objectives. To evaluate the performance of the proposed algorithm, its results are compared with the results of the exact method and Non-dominated Sorting Genetic Algorithm II (NSGAII). The results of these comparisons indicate the better performance of the proposed algorithm."
"AB This paper presents a fuzzy bi-objective bi-level model with a price-dependent demand for the network design of a closed-loop supply chain in the presences of random disruptions at suppliers. The environmental issues resulted in considering two strategies, namely: adding a reverse flow to the supply chain and controlling the amount of CO2 emissions. In this model, the uncertain demand is assumed as a function of price offered to the customers by the supply chain and its rival. The proposed model determines outsourcing strategies, pricing decisions that maximize the total profit in such a competitive situation and minimizes the amount of CO2 emissions by production processes. A hybrid approach combining Karush-Kuhn-Tucker (K-K-T) conditions and possibilistic method was developed to solve the fuzzy bi-level model. Then the e-constraint method is used to convert the integrated bi-objective model to a single-objective one. Finally, important managerial insights are obtained from an empirical case study of a filter industry. (C) 2018 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB To reduce the number of cabbage pathogen outbreaks, it is essential to understand the fate of enteric pathogens that contaminate plants in the field. To assist in that effort, two independent trials were conducted with a red cultivar (cv. Red Dynasty) and a green cultivar (cv. Bravo F1) of field-grown cabbage (Brassica oleracea var. capitata). In the first trial, plants with small heads were sprayed with an inoculum containing both attenuated Salmonella enterica Typhimurium and Escherichia coli O157:H7 (5.0 log CFU/mL). Initial pathogen levels (ca. 3.9 log CFU per head), determined through plate count enumeration (limit of detection was 1.3 log CFU/g), dropped precipitously such that 2 days later, they could not be detected by enrichment culture in 22 to 35% of the heads. However, subsequent declines were at a slower rate; no differences were observed between red and green cabbage heads (P>0.05), and heads were still positive for the pathogens 22 days after being sprayed with the inoculum. As a result, the logistic model revealed that for every 2 days contaminated cabbage heads remained in the field, the probability of finding a positive sample decreased by a factor of 1.1 (95% confidence interval from 1.0 to 1.2, P=0.0022) and 1.2 (95% confidence interval from 1.0 to 1.4, P <= 0.0001) for Salmonella and E. coli O157:H7, respectively. In the second trial occurring 2 weeks later, plants with medium red or green cabbage heads were sprayed with an inoculum at a dose of 3.5 log CFU/mL. A similar decay in prevalence over time occurred for green cabbage as in trial 1; however, pathogen decline in red cabbage was less in trial 2 than in trial 1. The extended persistence of pathogens in cabbage heads exhibited in both trials infers that harvest of contaminated cabbage destined for raw consumption is risky. Additional field studies are necessary to determine whether similar pathogen fates occur in other regions or climates and to clarify the effect of the maturity of red cabbage on pathogen inactivation."
"AB In this study, we established a dynamic morphological model using the accumulated thermal effectiveness and photosynthetic active radiation (PAR) (A-TEP), aiming to explore the relationship between muskmelon (Cucumis melo L.) fruit attributes and environmental factors. Muskmelon surface color was described by parameters of red, green, blue, hue, saturation and brightness (HSI). Three characteristic parameters, gray level co-occurrence matrix (GLCM), angular second moment (ASM), entropy, contrast, and the coverage rate were used to describe the process of muskmelon fruit netting formation. ASM was not significant difference during muskmelon fruit growth. The number and deep of netting stripes gradually increased with fruit growth. Coverage rate increased rapidly for 15-30 d after pollination. The vertical and horizontal diameters of muskmelon fruit were followed a logistic curve. And root mean squared errors (RMSE) between the simulated and measured vertical and horizontal diameters were 3.527 and 4.696 mm, respectively. RMSE of red, green, blue, saturation and brightness were 0.999, 2.690, 2.992, 0.033 and 5.51, respectively, and the RMSE for entropy, contrast and coverage rates were 0.077, 0.063 and 0.015, respectively, indicating a well consistent between measured and simulated values."
"AB Climate change is emerging as an issue of progressive attention, and therefore awareness, in societies. In this work, the problem is addressed from a generational perspective in Spanish society and is carried out from the approaches of awareness, human action, and self-responsibility. All this from the search of the subjective well-being and the citizens' happiness, as one of the bases of sustainable development initiatives. With data from the European Social Survey R8, from EUROSTAT, we work in two phases: (1) descriptive and inferential on possible associations of the items with the variable Age, and (2) calculation of probabilities between groups through logistic regression. The results confirm a general awareness, but with apparent statistical differences between age groups. In general, the youngest are the most aware, blame human activity most intensely, are the most concerned, and are the most willing to act. And it is the older people who are less aware of all these issues. Based on this finding, and from the approach mentioned above, it is recommended that leaders, both in the macroeconomic and microeconomic sectors, develop initiatives that sensitize and encourage older age groups."
AB Purpose - The purpose of this paper is to develop a model based on data envelopment analysis (DEA) and program evaluation and review technique/critical path method (PERT/CPM) for determining prospective benchmarks.
"AB From farm to fork, food supply chains threaten the environment in a range of different ways. Stake-holders in food chains seeking to go green have a twofold problem, comprising limited resources and too many eco-options to choose from. Hence, this study aims to narrow the field of such options, based on a careful assessment of past successful choices when going green. Specifically, it utilizes business analytics to derive insights on food supply chains' environmental sustainability from numerous data sources, and transforms this intricate information into managerial knowledge of food supply chains in general, and sustainable food supply chains in particular. The analytical results reveal eight crucial characteristics of sustainable food supply chains: devices/software, eco-innovation, organizational culture, warehousing, transportation, food loss/waste, equipment, and regulation. Among these, the two most important drivers of successful sustainability implementation are found to be eco-innovation and food loss/waste. Lastly, this study applies relational view theory and natural resource based view theory to the analytical results to create new sustainable food chain strategies and to extend the application of those theories to sustainable food chain management. (C) 2018 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Considering the rapid development of maritime logistics, the reduction of energy consumption at ports is important in the sustainable development of global economics. Oceans have been known as sources of clean energy, and wave energy is attracting more and more attention from both scholars and practitioners. Even though much effort has been made to develop advanced technologies of wave energy, it is still not clear how ports and electricity plants will evaluate its performance and make decisions on the investment. This paper analyzed the decision framework of ports and electricity plants that can decide how much to invest into wave energy converters, by considering the uncertainty of wave energy supply. A mathematical model is developed to obtain the optimal decisions of a single port and electricity plant for different cases. We show that in most cases, the port has a no lower motivation for investing in the wave energy than the electricity plant. Our theoretical analyses also shed light on the impacts of the parameters on the optimal decisions. Considering the difficulty in estimating the uncertainty of wave energy supply, we extend the distribution-free model to our problem which can make our model more practical."
"AB Purpose The purpose of this paper is to present possible strategic actions that aim to recover the value still remaining in industrial waste. Design/methodology/approach The research method is a multiple case study. The sample included six Brazilian companies of the footwear, metal-mechanics, pulp and paper, beverages, chemical and food industries. The study investigated the production process, waste generation, internal reuse, the destination of unused waste, difficulties and strategic challenges. Findings Possible strategies to recover the value remaining in industrial waste are increasing the internal reuse, developing new routes to other industries, reducing the waste generation, increasing the destination to cooperatives or recycling companies, which require studies to understand the legislation and agility in licensing and reducing the logistical cost of the destination."
"AB Objective We hypothesize that physical features of the urban environment might enhance or prevent childhood obesity. Thus, this study's main goal was to verify if there is an association between the neighborhood urban design and childhood obesity-independent of well-known childhood obesity determinants, such as, father's level of schooling (as a proxy for socioeconomic status), and parent's weight status. Methods This study classifies neighborhoods according to land use and building features using hierarchical clusters analysis and examines their association with childhood obesity through logistic regression models. Results Four clusters resulted from the analysis: Cluster 1 represents areas with older buildings and mixed land use, cluster 2 is an area with small rented buildings and urban areas, cluster 3 comprises newer buildings with parking and urban green space, and cluster 4 is a forest area. Living in cluster 3 protects from childhood obesity, even when adjusting for father's level of schooling or parent's weight status. Conclusions There are distinct urban configurations in Lisbon's municipality and children who live in Cluster 3 (more recent and greener neighborhoods) seem to be protected from obesity. Therefore, public policy should focus on healthy urban planning at the neighborhood level, to promote positive impacts on peoples' health."
"AB This study considers a design problem in the supply chain network of an assembly manufacturing enterprise with economies of scale and environmental concerns. The study aims to obtain a rational tradeoff between environmental influence and total cost. A mixed-integer nonlinear programming model is developed to determine the optimal location and size of regional distribution centers (RDCs) and the investment of environmental facilities considering the effects of economies of scale and CO2 emission taxes. Numerical examples are provided to illustrate the applications of the proposed model. Moreover, comparative analysis of the related key parameters is conducted (i.e., carbon emission tax, logistics demand of customers, and economies of scale of RDC), to explore the corresponding effects on the network design of a green supply chain. Moreover, the proposed model is applied in an actual case-network design of a supply chain of an electric meter company in China. Findings show that (i) the optimal location of RDCs is affected by the demand of customers and the level of economies of scale and that (ii) the introduction of CO2 emission taxes will change the structure of a supply chain network, which will decrease CO2 emissions per unit shipment."
"AB An unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV), commonly known as a drone, offers the advantage of speed, flexibility, and ease in delivering goods to customers. They are particularly useful for tasks that are dull, hazardous, or dirty. Whether the use of drone delivery is beneficial to the environment and cost saving is still a topic under debate. Ideally, drones yield lower energy consumption and reduce greenhouse gas emissions, thus reducing the carbon footprint and enhancing environmental sustainability. In this research, we analytically study the impact of UAVs on CO2 emission and cost. We propose a mixed-integer (0-1 linear) green routing model for UAV to exploit the sustainability aspects of the use of UAVs for last-mile parcel deliveries. A genetic algorithm is developed to efficiently solve the complex model, and an extensive experiment is conducted to illustrate and validate the analytical model and the solution algorithm. We find that optimally routing and delivering packages with UAVs would save energy and reduce carbon emissions. The computational results strongly support the notion that using UAVs for last-mile logistics is not only cost effective, but also environmentally friendly."
"AB The importance of trade liberalization in altering country's ecological condition is a very important topic these days; the current examination seeks to study the empirical association between environmental degradation and trade openness in a panel of ASEAN countries. In doing so, the study seeks to analyze the influence of trade liberalization in impacting carbon dioxide emanations in the countries of Malaysia, Indonesia, Singapore, Thailand and Philippine by utilizing advanced methods of panel Dynamic Ordinary Least Square (DOLS) and Fully Modified Ordinary Least Square (FMOLS). The results confirm that all the variables stationary features at the first differential series. Furthermore, the results of bootstrap cointegration, Pedroni, and Kao cointegration check that all the variables are cointegrated in the long term. Finally, the outcomes suggested that trade liberalization has a significant positive impact on carbon dioxide emission. The outcomes confirm that the more theenhance in the liberalization of trade cause the poor environmental condition. Therefore, the study recommends that the government need to enhance trade based on renewable and green technology. Also, the government can adopt a green transportation system such as hybrid vehicles for the logistics and shipping the good from one place to another place."
"AB In this study, a new green integrated process for biodiesel ester production was developed, consisting of the enzymatic transesterification of acid oil from macauba palm tree (Acrocomia aculeata) catalyzed by dry fermented solid (DFS) with lipase activity, which was obtained from solid-state fermentation (SSF) of macauba cake. Analysis of statistical experimental designs showed that nitrogen supplementation of macauba cake improved production of lipases displaying esterification capacity by Rhizomucor miehei. The conditions chosen to produce R. miehei DFS were cake supplementation with 2 wt% urea, 60 wt% of initial moisture during 48 h of fermentation at 40 degrees C. DFS showed, by zymography assays, at least one enzyme that was different from those that are present in the commercial lipase of R. miehei. Furthermore, DFS was used in transesterification reactions between macauba acid oil and alcohol (methanol or ethanol), and the ester content obtained was 92%. This is the first time that this integrated process using low-cost biocatalysts and a low-value oil derived from the processing of the same fruit was used for biodiesel ester production, reducing costs and logistic constraints, and optimizing the raw material utilization."
"AB We present the green telecommunication network planning problem with switchable base stations, where the location and configuration of the base stations are optimized, while taking into account uncertainty and variability of demand. The problem is formulated as a two-stage stochastic program under demand uncertainty with integers in both stages. Since solving the presented problem is computationally challenging, we develop the corresponding Dantzig-Wolfe reformulation and propose a solution approach based on column generation. Comprehensive computational results are provided for instances of varying characteristics. The results show that the joint location and dynamic switching of base stations leads to significant savings in terms of energy cost. Up to 30% reduction in power consumption cost is achieved while still serving all users. In certain cases, allowing dynamic configurations leads to more installed base stations and higher user coverage, while having lower total energy consumption. The Dantzig-Wolfe reformulation provides solutions with a tight LP-gap eliminating the need for a full branch-and-price scheme. Furthermore, the proposed column generation solution approach is computationally efficient and outperforms CPLEX on the majority of the tested instances. (c) 2016 Wiley Periodicals, Inc. Naval Research Logistics 63: 351-366, 2016"
"AB The available energy can be effectively upgraded by adopting smart energy conversion measures. The biodegradability of biomass can be improved by employing pretreatment techniques; however, such methods result in reduced energy efficiency. In this study, microwave (MW) irradiation is used for green algae (Enteromorpha) pretreatment in combination with iron oxide nanoparticles (NPs) which act as a heterogeneous catalyst during anaerobic digestion process for biogas enhancement. Batch-wise anaerobic digestion was carried out. The results showed that MW pretreatment and its combination with Fe3O4 NPs produced highest yields of biogas and hydrogen as compared to the individual ones and control. The biogas amount and hydrogen % v/v achieved by MW pretreatment + Fe3O4 NPs group were 328 mL and 51.5%, respectively. The energy analysis indicated that synergistic application of MW pretreatment with Fe3O4 NPs produced added energy while consuming less input energy than MW pretreatment alone. The kinetic parameters of the reaction were scientifically evaluated by using modified Gompertz and Logistic function model for each experimental case. MW pretreatment + Fe3O4 NPs group improved biogas production potential and maximum biogas production rate."
"AB This paper presents two models (classical and VMI-CS coordination) for a two-level closed-loop supply chain with a manufacturer and a retailer with a facility to remanufacture used items. The paper considers three critical environmental issues, which are the energy used in production (manufacturing and re manufacturing) processes, GHG emissions from production and transportation activities (subject to a penalty tax), and the number of times to remanufacture (recover) a used item. Numerical results show that the traditional optimization approach, which minimises the sum of inventory related costs, suggested less remanufacturing, fewer recovery times and more GHG emissions and energy usage; a result of operating at high production rates. The VMI-CS model was shown to be more economical than the classical model for a wide range of manufacturing rates, but not necessarily a more environmentally responsible choice. An extensive numerical analysis was conducted to enrich the discussion and to draw some managerial insights on how to make environmentally conscious decisions. (C) 2016 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB Background: The risk for epithelial ovarian cancer associated with the consumption of caffeinated beverages (tea, coffee, and soft drinks) and green tea is inconclusive. However, few studies have investigated the type of caffeinated beverage or the type of tea."
"AB Consumers focus on level of service while purchasing electronic products. This study focuses on consumer buying behavior. We determine the Stackelberg outcome for a market when a durable electronic product has three different forms: new product, remanufactured product and refurbished product. Under the dynamic game model, the optimal differential pricing strategy is implemented, and the double marginal effect is coordinated through a revenue-sharing contract and two toll contracts to increase the system's revenue capacity. Our research shows that as the degree of consumer preference increases, the service differentiation of the three products is reduced. A lower level of consumer preference affects the pricing decision of new products and significantly affects the pricing of remanufactured products and refurbished products."
"AB Massive problems trigger massive entrepreneurial opportunities. For this reason, environmental issues such as earth system processes that have extended beyond their thresholds, or are approaching such thresholds, constitute interesting opportunities, especially for ecological startups, to establish appropriate businesses that create value to address such environmental issues. Our analysis of 212 ecological startups from the United States and beyond reveals the factors shaping the value creation activities of these firms. In particular, we are able to illustrate that technologically-oriented, socially-oriented, and organizationally-oriented value creation by ecological startups requires different alignments in terms of the environmental issues addressed, the sustainability strategy employed, and the sustainability ambition aspired. (C) 2019 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Ltd."
"AB Considering a historical predominance of environmental issues within the context of sustainability, social issues are under-represented. This also appliesfor Sustainable Supply Chain Management. The research field still advances disproportionately on environmental and economic dimensions, front of the social dimension. This study aims toshed additional light about sustainable supply chain management, focusing on provide a theoretical explanation for social sustainability adoption into the supply chain. To guide this theoretical essay, the studyexplores theconcepts of social issues and governance mechanisms and presents a framework for social sustainability adoption and management into supply chains, considering three guiding theories: Stakeholder Theory, Behavioral Theory and Contingency Theory. In order to collaborate with a future research agenda for the field, research gaps focusing on the social dimension are addressed."
"AB A closed-loop supply chain (CLSC) is considered not only an important solution for ensuring sustainable exploitation of materials, but also a promising strategy for securing long-term availability of materials. The latter is especially highlighted in the materials criticality discourse. Critical raw materials (CRMs), being exposed to supply disruptions, create an uncertain operational environment for many industries, particularly for green energy technologies that employ multiple CRMs. However, recycling rates of CRMs are very low and engagement of companies in CLSC for CRM is limited. This study examines factors influencing CLSC for CRM development in photovoltaic panels and wind turbine technologies. The aim is to analyze how the factors manifest themselves in different companies along the supply chain and to identify enabling and bottleneck conditions for implementation of CLSC for CRM. The novelty of the study is twofold: the focus on material rather than product flows, and examination of factors from a multiactor perspective. The evidence obtained suggests that the manufacturing companies and reverse supply-chain operators engaged in the study take different perspectives (product vs. material) regarding development of CLSC for CRM and thus emphasize different factors. The findings underline the need for interactions between supply-chain actors, a sound competitive environment for recycling processes, and investment in technologies and infrastructure development if CLSC for CRM is to be developed. The paper provides implications for practitioners and policy makers for implementation of CLSC for CRM, and suggests prospects for further research."
"AB A tremendous growth in containerized trade has led to severe traffic problems in urban port areas associated with negative effects on both efficiency and pollution. In this paper, we address the multi-objective inter-terminal truck routing problem by specifically considering truck emissions. We present an efficient multi-objective archived simulated annealing approach and a visualization technique. Managerial insights are discussed based on an analysis of trade-offs. The algorithm is embedded in a cloud-based decision support system to consider contextual data, including traffic data and the current positions of trucks. This allows ports to utilize potentials of digitalization and optimization while addressing environmental issues. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB The study aimed to estimate the prevalence of behavioral risk factors for cardiovascular diseases (CVDs) and factors associated with their accumulation in adolescents from the rural area of a municipality in Pelotas, Rio Grande do Sul State, Brazil. This was a cross-sectional school- based census-type study with a sample of 515 sixth to nineth-grade schoolchildren in 21 rural public schools in Pelotas. The target behavioral risk factors were: physical inactivity; irregular consumption of fruits, vegetables, and greens; initiation to alcohol consumption and smoking; and addition of salt to foods. The study outcome was the cluster score of behavioral risk factors, varying from 0 to 3: no behavioral risk factors for CVD or exposure to 1, 2, or >= 3 behavioral risk factors. Ordinal logistic regression was performed to assess the effect adjusted for individual characteristics on the accumulation of behavioral risk factors, using as the reference category individuals without any risk factor. Physical inactivity was the most prevalent risk factor (74.8%), followed by irregular consumption of fruits, vegetables, and greens (56.2%). Approximately 42% of the adolescents presented two behavioral risk factors, the most prevalent combination of which was physical inactivity and irregular consumption of fruits, vegetables, and greens (23%). The odds of accumulating two or more behavioral risk factors increased with age. The presence and simultaneity of behavioral risk factors is quite high among adolescents from the rural area of Pelotas, showing that they are exposed to the development of CVD. Interventions are needed to prevent the simultaneous occurrence of these risk factors."
AB Objective. To identify predictors of unsuccessful sentinel lymph node (SLN) mapping in patients with apparent early-stage endometrial cancer (EC) undergoing surgical staging with cervical injection of indocyanine green and SLN biopsy.
"AB Childhood overweight/obesity has been associated with environmental, parenting and socioeconomic status (SES) factors. This paper assesses the influence of the amount of green space, accessibility to a garden and neighbourhood condition on being overweight/obese. It investigates whether parental behaviours moderate or mediate this influence and evaluates the interaction of SES with environmental context."
"AB Anastomotic leak (AL) following esophagectomy for esophageal cancer (EC) remains an important cause of prolonged hospitalization and impaired quality of life. Recently, indocyanine green (ICG) fluorescein imaging has been used to evaluate the gastric conduit blood supply during EC surgery. Although several factors have been reported to be associated with AL, no studies have evaluated the relationships between risk factors for AL, including ICG fluorescein imaging. The purpose of this study was to investigate the risk factors associated with AL following esophagectomy and to evaluate the impact of ICG fluorescein imaging of the gastric conduit during EC surgery."
AB AIM
"AB The concept of nature-based solutions (NBSs) has become increasingly popular among urban policymakers and planners to help them tackle the urban challenges arising from urban expansion and climate change. Stakeholders' involvement is a fundamental step, and stakeholders' perceptions and preferences can affect the development of NBS projects. This study aims to identify stakeholders' perceptions of the most critical urban challenges, the priority interventions, the preferred NBSs and the benefits of the NBSs, and to identify the determinants of these perceptions. A survey was administered to assess stakeholders' perceptions and views on implementing NBSs in two Portuguese cities with distinct urban, geographical, and socio-economic contexts. A binary logistic regression model was used to understand the determinants of the likelihood of the stakeholders' answers. According to the stakeholders, climate change is one of the main concerns in the urban context. It is usually associated with the incidence of heatwaves and water scarcity. Additionally, stakeholders are concerned about the low quantity and poor management of green spaces (GSs). They believe that it will be necessary to increase the GS, to recover some degraded areas, and to increase mobility. The preferred NBSs were planting more urban trees, making green shaded areas, and rehabilitating riverbanks. The main expected benefits were benefits for leisure and relaxation, reductions in air temperature, purer air, and improvements in public health. The results showed mostly coherent connections between the main concerns/priorities of the stakeholders and the perceived NBS benefits; however, some stakeholders did not present coherent connections, indicating low awareness of the current policy for implementing NBSs to overcome existing and future urban challenges."
AB Purpose
"AB The observed seasonality of foodborne disease suggests that climatic conditions play a role and that changes in the climate may affect the presence of pathogens. However, it is hard to determine whether this effect is direct or whether it works indirectly through other factors, such as farm management. This study aimed to identify the climate and management variables that are associated with the contamination (presence and concentration) of leafy green vegetables with E. coli. This study used data about E. coli contamination from 562 leafy green vegetables (lettuce and spinach) samples taken between 2011 and 2013 from 23 open-field farms in Belgium, Brazil, Egypt, Norway, and Spain. Mixed-effect logistic and linear regression models were used to study the statistical relationship between the dependent and independent variables. Climate variables and agricultural management practices together had a systematic influence on E. coli presence and concentration. The variables important for E. coli presence included the minimum temperature of the sampling day (odds ratio = 1.47), region, and application of inorganic fertilizer. The variables important for concentration (R-2 = 0.75) were the maximum temperature during the 3 days before sampling and the region. Temperature had a stronger influence (had a significant parameter estimate and the highest R-2) than did management practices on E. coli presence and concentration. Region was a variable that masked many management variables, including rainwater, surface water, manure, inorganic fertilizer, and spray irrigation. Climate variables had a positive relationship with E. coli presence and concentration. Temperature, irrigation water type, fertilizer type, and irrigation method should be systematically considered in future studies of fresh produce safety."
"AB Purpose Application of radioactive tracers for sentinel lymph node biopsy (SLNB) in vulvar cancer has been established, however, the use of radioisotopes is expensive and requires complex logistics. This exploratory study evaluated the feasibility of near-infrared fluorescence-based SLNB in comparison to the gold standard using radioactive guidance. Methods At Evangelische Kliniken Essen-Mitte (Essen, Germany) between 02/2015 and 04/2019, 33 patients with squamous cell vulvar cancer and unifocal tumors (32 midline, 1 lateral) smaller than 4 cm underwent SLNB as part of their routine primary surgical therapy. Radiolabeled nanocolloid technetium 99 (Tc-99m) was injected preoperatively and indocyanine green (ICG) intraoperatively. Demographic and clinical data were retrieved from patients' records, and descriptive statistics were applied. The detection rate of the ICG fluorescence technique was compared with the standard radioactive approach. Results In patients with midline tumors, bilateral SLNB was attempted. SLNB was feasible in 61/64 (95.3%) groins with Tc-99m and in 56/64 (87.5%) with ICG. In total, 125 SLNs were excised; all SLNs were radioactive and 117 (93.6%) also fluorescent. In 8 patients with BMI > 30 kg/m(2), SLNB was successful in 14/15 groins (93.3%) with Tc-99m and 13/15 groins (86.7%) with ICG. Upon final histology, infiltrated nodes were present in 9/64 (14.1%) groins and 10/125 SLNs; one positive SLN was not detected with ICG. Conclusions SLNB using ICG is a promising technique, however, the detection rate obtained was slightly lower than with Tc-99m. The detection rate increased over time indicating that experience and training may play an important role besides further methodological refinements."
"AB It has not been clear what kinds and how much nutrients could be harmful, preventive, or healthful for development of rheumatoid arthritis. This study aimed to determine the impact of dietary habits on the pathogenesis of rheumatoid arthritis. This case-control study was conducted on a total of 500 rheumatoid arthritis patients and 500 healthy controls refereed to three clinics of Shiraz University of Medical Sciences in 2015-2016. Convenience sampling was used for data collection in both case and control groups. An approved valid and reliable questionnaire including information about the intake of different kinds of beverages, and nutritious and non-nutritious diet was used. Data were analyzed by SPSS, version 20, using t test, chi-square and Multiple Logistic Regression model. The associations between rheumatoid arthritis development and variables including drinking 1-7 cups of coffee (OR = .44, CI .25-.76), >= 8 cups of coffee (OR = .50, CI .28-.90), full-fat milk (OR = 1.01, CI 1.003-1.03) per month, and intake of green tea (OR = .65, CI .45-.93) and solid oils (OR = 2.29, CI:1.57-3.34) were significant. Based on the findings, coffee consumption more than one cup per month and green tea might have preventive effects on developing rheumatoid arthritis. On the other hand, patients who consumed more full-fat milk per month and solid oil might be at risk of development of rheumatoid arthritis. Therefore, modification of diet based on these findings is suggested. Performing a cohort study to determine the causality effect of dietary habits and development and prevention of rheumatoid arthritis is recommended."
"AB In the current study, a green closed-loop supply chain network design for perishable products is investigated under uncertain conditions. The demands, rate of return and the quality of returned products stand as an uncertain parameter. The considered chain, based on the study of a dairy company, is a multi-period and multi-product that comprises suppliers, manufacturers, warehouses, retailers and collection centers. A mixed-integer linear programming (MILP) model is projected to minimize the cost and environmental pollutant, simultaneously. Besides, an innovative MILP robust model is developed for the problem under uncertainty. Due to the NP-hard nature of the problem, the research has developed an efficient heuristic, named YAG, to solve large-sized problems. Computational experiments conducted indicating that the YAG method has an average gap of less than 1.65 percent from the optimal solution within a reasonable time. Also, the YAG method finds the optimal solution in more than 34 percent of instances. The performance of the robust approach and the heuristic method is examined in a real case study and a diverse range of problems. The results revealed that the robust model compared to the deterministic model has better quality and seem quite more reliable. The effect of the product's lifetime, bi-objective modeling and environmental pollutant are considered throughout the study. The results indicate that the effects of products' lifetime and level of uncertainty vary for cost and environmental pollution objectives. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Green closed-loop supply chain (GCLSC) is a supply chain that encompasses forward and reverse flows of components and products in logistic networks with a focus on economic and environmental performance. In the decision-making process of GCLSC, the presence of uncertainty and risk originating from the size and complexity of network is crucial to consider, and the distribution of uncertain parameter may be ambiguous. To characterize the ambiguity caused by distributional perturbation, a novel ambiguity distribution set is proposed, and further a new upside risk: upper partial moment with power q is introduced to quantify the economic risk in the GCLSC. Subsequently, a distributionally robust fuzzy GCLSC network design model which attempts to optimize the worst-case performance of the network is developed with the perspective of a trade-off between upside risk and expectation of economic cost. To format a sustainable GCLSC paradigm, the policy of carbon cap is adopted to control carbon emissions in terms of environmental constraints. Furthermore, the tractable counterpart of the proposed model is obtained by transforming distributionally robust credibility objective and constraints into their equivalent forms under ambiguous distribution of uncertain parameter. Finally, a case study on Coca-Cola Company in Northeast China is investigated to test and verify the proposed model. The advantage of proposed model is demonstrated through comparative study on distribution ambiguity free and without environmental constraint problem. Computational results reveal that the proposed model has superior capability of immunity against the risk of distribution ambiguity. (C) 2020 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved."
"AB Objective: To describe adolescents' eating patterns of traditional, global/non-local and mixed foods, and the factors that may influence food consumption, access and preferences, in a globalizing city."
"AB Amid all the hype about bringing factories back from the periphery and reintegrating them into the city centre, are some of the downsides of central location being ignored? Frank Barkow, co-founder of architectural practice Barkow Leibinger with offices in Berlin and New York, argues for a continuation of the industrial edge condition on the grounds of scale, flexibility and adaptability as well as in terms of transport infrastructure."
"AB In open surgery procedures, after temporarily dimming the lights in the operation theatre, the Photo Dynamic Eye (PDE) fluorescence camera has, amongst others, been used for fluorescence-guided sentinel node (SN) biopsy procedures. To improve the clinical utility and logistics of fluorescence-guided surgery, we developed and evaluated a prototype modified PDE (m-PDE) fluorescence camera system."
"AB The control of the environmental impacts is a considerable challenge to the daily operations of modern logistics companies, especially under the current trend of increasing carbon dioxide emission. This paper focusses on freight distribution, introduces a transportation resource sharing strategy to address the multi-depot green vehicle routing problem, and incorporates the time-dependency of speed as well as piecewise penalty costs for earliness and tardiness of deliveries. Transportation resource sharing is proposed to eliminate long and empty-vehicle trips, improve the network's fluidity and the efficiency of resource management. A bi-objective model is proposed to minimize total carbon emission and operating cost, while enforcing piecewise penalty costs on earliness and tardiness to reduce waiting time and improve customer satisfaction. Further, we combine the Clarke and Wright Savings Heuristic Algorithm (CWSHA), the Sweep Algorithm (SwA) and the Multi-Objective Particle Swarm Optimization algorithm (MOPSO) to design a hybrid heuristic algorithm for the vehicle routing optimization. CWSHA and SwA are consecutively used to generate the initial population, and MOPSO is employed for local and global solution search. Computational experiments reveal that sharing transportation resource reduces the total travelled distance, the number of vehicles, and facilitates a cost effective and environment-friendly distribution network. In addition, we also observe that the shortest path sometimes undermines minimum cost and carbon emission objectives. Moreover, sensitivity analyses reveal that vehicle routes are less influenced by piecewise penalty costs under unimodal traffic flows, while bimodal traffic flows would require more investment to reduce carbon emission. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB The objective of this study was to clarify the factors affecting blood flow at the tip of the gastric tube during esophagectomy using indocyanine green (ICG) fluorescence angiography. The time until enhancement of the gastric tube tip determined using ICG fluorescence imaging is a useful indicator of blood flow, and has been shown not to differ significantly according to the connection status of the right or left gastroepiploic artery. Using ICG fluorescence imaging, the time until enhancement of the gastric tube tip was measured in 50 patients undergoing esophagectomy. Blood flow at the gastric tube tip was compared between 2 groups of patients: those in whom a connecting vessel from the left gastro-epiploic artery to the short gastric artery (l-s GA) was present and those in whom it was absent. The factors affecting blood flow to the gastric tube tip were also investigated using univariate and multivariate logistic regression analysis. The median time taken for the gastric tube tip to show enhancement with ICG was significantly shorter in the group with an l-s GA connection (P = 0.02). Multivariate analysis showed that the absence of an l-s GA connection (P = 0.04) and presence of arteriosclerosis-related disease (P = 0.02) were significant independent factors that delayed blood flow to the gastric tube. It is essential to preserve the whole vessel arcade of the greater curvature to achieve good perfusion of the gastric tube with blood. The presence of arteriosclerosis-related disease is a major factor affecting the safety of anastomosis during gastric tube reconstruction."
"AB The purpose of this study is to identify and analyze the metrics that have been published in the literature on green supply chain management (GSCM) and sustainable supply chain management (SSCM). The metrics Were identified based on a structured content analysis of 445 articles published up to the end of 2012. A total of 2555 unique metrics were identified. The majority of the metrics were used only once, which indicates a lack of agreement on how performance should be measured in these areas. Five metrics were used more than 20 times: quality (31 times), air emissions (28), greenhouse gas emissions (24), energy use (24), and energy consumption (21). As highlighted in that list, multiple metrics were used to measure similar issues in many cases. For example, a detailed analysis showed that 76 different metrics were identified for issues focusing on water. As a part of the analysis conducted, each metric was classified according to 13 key characteristics of SSCM drawn from the literature. The analysis showed that environmental issues were represented to the greatest extent. Over one-third of the identified metrics were classified as cross-cutting metrics, meaning that they addressed more than one key characteristic of SSCM. Based on the analysis conducted, an original conceptual framework for structuring the development of metrics in GSCM and SSCM is presented. This paper presents one of the first in-depth investigations of the use of metrics in GSCM and SSCM. It is anticipated that the analysis and framework will provide a strong basis for future academic and practitioner work. (C) 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Unfortunately, sustainability is an issue very poorly used when developing software and hardware systems. Lately, and in order to contribute to the earth sustainability, a new concept emerged named Green software which is computer software that can be developed and used efficiently and effectively with minimal or no impact to the environment. Currently, new teaching methods based on students' learning process are being developed in the European Higher Education Area. Most of them are oriented to promote students' interest in the course's contents and offer personalized feedback. Online judging is a promising method for encouraging students' participation in the e-learning process, although it still has to be researched and developed to be widely used and in a more efficient way. The great amount of data available in an online judging tool provides the possibility of exploring some of the most indicative attributes (e.g., running time, memory) for learning programming concepts, techniques and languages. So far, the most applied methods for automatically gathering information from the judging systems are based on statistical methods and, although providing reasonable correlations, these methods have not been proven to provide enough information for predicting grades when dealing with a huge amount of data. Therefore, the great novelty of this paper is to develop a data mining approach to predict program correctness as well as the grades of the students' practices. For this purpose, powerful data mining technologies taken from the artificial intelligence domain have been used. In particular, in this study, we have used logistic regression, decision trees, artificial neural network and support vector machines; which have been properly identified as the most suitable ones for predicting activities in the e-learning domains. The results have achieved an accuracy of around 74%, both in the prediction of the program correctness as well as in the practice grades' prediction. Another relevant issue provided in this paper is a comparison among these four techniques to obtain the best accuracy in predicting grades based on the availability of data as well as their taxonomy. The Decision Trees classifier has obtained the best confusion matrix, and time and memory efficiency were identified as the most important predictor variables. In view of these results, we can conclude that the development of green software leads programmers to implement correct software."
"AB Recent decades have seen increasing utilization of optimization packages, based on Operations Research and Mathematical Programming techniques, for effective management of the provision of goods and services in distribution systems. Large numbers of real-world applications have widely shown that the use of computerized procedures for distribution process planning produces substantial savings (generally from 5% to 20%) in global transportation costs. The impact of these savings on the global economic system is significant. The transportation process involves all stages of production and distribution systems and represents a relevant component (generally from 10% to 20%) of the final cost of goods. The green vehicle routing problem (GVRP) is an emerging research field that attracts many researchers. This survey paper aims to classify and review the literature on GVRPs from various perspectives. This paper covers publications between 2006 and 2019 including 309 papers. To this end, a systematic literature review has been implemented in order to respond to corresponding questions related to this area. This study proposes an extensive structure compromising various aspects including variants of GVRPs, objective functions, uncertainty, and solutions approach to analyze GVRPs studies from different perspectives. Some new research areas have been drawn based on problem classification, uncertainties, solution methodologies, and finally, the objective function approaches for future research directions. The results of this study show that researches on GVRPs are relatively fresh and there is still room for large improvements in several areas. (c) 2020 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
AB Purpose - This paper aims to measure carbon footprints (CFs) of products at the sectoral levels. The paper also aims to provide potential solutions to adopt greener supply chains to minimise CFs.
"AB Putrajaya is facing an increasing number of private car ownership and its usage. Integrated transportation infrastructure connecting the city with suburban areas and comparatively low-cost housing schemes are at the fringes of Putrajaya City. It creates a discrepancy between housing and employment attentiveness. Due to the attractiveness of jobs in the city centre, commuters' travelling pattern is morning/evening peak hours, and it leads to traffic congestion on a few major artilleries leading to and from the city. In contrast, Putrajaya was designed to achieve a 70:30 modal split ratio. This policy was introduced to target 70% of the commuters towards a sustainable mode of transport as their mode choice. Currently, congestion in Putrajaya is due to the use of single-occupant vehicles (SOV). The SOV users cannot be convinced to use the park-and-ride services (P&RS) without understanding their travel behaviors. Therefore, the mode choice models (MCM) were developed through binary logit regression (BLR) approaches to determine the factors that influence the SOV travelers' decisions to adopt the P&RS. As a result, several factors, which included the socio-demographic factors, travel time, travel expenses, environmental protection, avoiding stress, parking problems, vehicles sharing, and traveling directly, were found to be significant and will promote green development. Furthermore, the quality of the developed mode choice model was validated through the training and testing approach of logistic regression. Ultimately, this study can help stakeholders to encourage SOV users towards P&RS by overcoming these factors."
"AB Green infrastructure (GI) is a low-carbon solution for urban rainwater management. Hydrological processes and the corresponding emissions of greenhouse gas (GHG) during rainfall events are optimized by GI when the latter is compared with a traditional urban drainage system. This study establishes an city-scale quantitative analysis, based on hydrological processes, with which to assess the contribution of GIs to low-carbon urban drainage systems and cities. The emission factor method is applied to measure GHG emissions. Attributable sources of emissions are wastewater treatment plants and wastewater and rainwater pumps. The amount and rate of change in GHG emissions were selected as indicators of the impacts of GI-based urban drainage systems and a case study was conducted in Dongying, China, based on 48 hydrological scenarios from 1970 to 2017. The amount of annual GHG emissions decreased by 3752.5 to 26238.9 tons of CO2 equivalent at an average of 10677.3 tons/a. The rate of annual GHG emissions decreased by 25.9-68.7% with an average reduction of 45.9%. An S-shaped logistic curve fit the data, indicated that annual rainfall is non-linearly and positively correlated with both the amount and rate of annual GHG emissions mitigated. The probability of benefits to GHG emissions in the 48 hydrological scenarios is analyzed based on a Pearson type III distribution curve. These findings can provide information thatlocal authorities can use to guide policies towards their goals of applying GIs to mitigate GHG emissions in the urban drainage system."
"AB Objectives: This study aimed to investigate the association between occupational clusters and allergic rhinitis (AR). Methods: The study was based on data from the Korean National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (KNHANES: 2007-2015). This study included 46,965 individuals: 20,491 men and 26,474 women. AR was defined as having been diagnosed by a physician. Occupations were classified according to occupational characteristics and skill levels into white (chief executives, senior officials, legislators, managers, professionals, and technicians), pink (clerks, clerical support workers, services and sales workers), blue (craft and related trades workers, drivers, plant and machine operators, assemblers, elementary occupation workers), and green (skilled agricultural, forestry, and fishery workers) categories. We calculated the odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) of AR according to the occupational clusters by using the chi-squared test and logistic regression. Results: In the study population, 10.7% of the men and 13.5% of the women had AR. The prevalence of AR was highest among white-collar workers, followed by pink, blue, and green-collar workers. Compared to green-collar workers, among men the adjusted ORs of the blue, pink, and white-collar workers were 2.00 (95% CI 1.58-2.53), 2.46 (95% CI 1.91-3.15), and 2.78 (95% CI 2.20-3.51), respectively; and among women were 2.45 (95% CI 1.99-3.02), 2.64 (95% CI 2.15-3.25), and 3.63 (95% CI 2.96-4.47), respectively."
"AB Objectives: Indocyanine green (ICG) lymphography has been reported to be useful for the early diagnosis of lymphoedema. However, no study has reported the usefulness of ICG lymphography for evaluation of lymphoedema with lower extremity dysmorphia (LED). This study aimed to elucidate independent factors associated with LED in secondary lower extremity lymphoedema (LEL) patients."
"AB In Vietnam, as more and more organizations are moving toward globalization, green supplier selection (GSS) has emerged as a strategic approach in supply chain management that requires supplier practices in lessening the environmental risks to society. Based on both conventional and environmental criteria, this paper aims to evaluate a set of suppliers by establishing a multi-criteria decision-making (MCDM)-based framework using an integrated fuzzy analytical hierarchy process (FAHP) with the VIseKriterijumska Optimizacija I Kompromisno Resenje (VIKOR) method. Initially, five GSS criteria of the environmental aspect (wastewater treatment, solid waste generation, energy consumption, air pollution, corporate social responsibility) and conventional criteria (quality, cost, delivery, and technology) are identified from the literature and consulting field experts to employ the MCDM approach. The trustworthiness of the proposed integrated framework is presented by discussing a case study in the coffee bean supply chain in Vietnam. The FAHP is used to generate criteria weights in which fuzzy set theory is applied to translate the linguistic evaluation statements of experts, and VIKOR is used to rank the alternatives against the selected criteria. From FAHP findings, the most important criteria are quantity discount, solid waste generation, order fulfillment rate, logistics cost, and purchasing cost. A consistency test is performed to ensure the uniformity of the expert's input. The best suppliers are determined through the final ranking of the VIKOR model for the case study. The work presented provides insight to decision-makers of supplier selection that helps determine significant GSS criteria and aids in the minimization of environmental risks to society arising from the supply chain on corporate sustainability standards."
"AB Objective: Although green and yellow vegetables have beneficial effects against type 2 diabetes, the relationship of their nutritive content with insulin resistance is poorly understood. The aim of this study was to examine the associations of serum beta-carotene and retinol concentrations with glucose and insulin concentrations."
"AB Background and aims: Results of in vitro and in vivo studies showed that green leafy vegetables (GLV) could attenuate liver steatosis. However, little is known regarding the association between GLV intake and nonalcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) in human. We examined the association of GLV intake with NAFLD in a large-scale adult population."
"AB Multiple emissions of blue, green and red from a molecular imprinting sensor rationally constructed, were used for the fluorescence colorimetric visualization of a fluorescent analyte of folic acid, using a flexible post-imprinting mixing strategy. That is, two kinds of folic acid-templated molecularly imprinted polymers (MIPs) were firstly synthesized by encapsulating green and red fluorescent quantum dots (g-QDs and r-QDs) individually on SiO2 cores, and they were then mixed at an appropriate ratio, resulting in a triple emission MIPs sensor. Upon folic acid recognition, the inherent blue fluorescence of folic acid was intensified, and the green and red fluorescence of the sensor QDs were gradually quenched. The quenching rate difference between g-QDs and r-QDs was greatly enhanced and used to obtain a wider-range and profuse fluorescence color evolution, by investigating the influences of the QDs modifier, eluent and imprinting layer thickness in detail. Under optimal conditions, the ratiometric intensity change of the three color emissions varied in a logistic function within 0.01-50 ppm of folic acid, and the corresponding fluorescence colors shifted from yellow to orange to red to purple and finally to blue. This excellent visualization capability of the MIPs sensor contributed to the accurate naked-eye detection of folic acid concentration using a portable ultraviolet lamp. Moreover, the MIPs sensor succeeded in determining folic acid in complicated food and serum samples, providing comparable results with the PRC standard method and satisfactory recoveries of 99.5-108.0%. The merits, including construction simplicity, high sensitivity and selectivity, and result visualization, enable such a multiple emission MIPs sensing strategy to be potentially applicable for visual identification and determination of various analytes in more fields."
"AB BackgroundBiologic studies have suggested that tea may have neuroprotective activity. However, tea's protective effect on cognitive function is controversial in human epidemiological studies, and no data, including the middle-aged, are available. The objective of this study was to investigate the association of habit, frequency, and types of tea consumption with incident cognitive impairment in middle-aged and older adults.MethodsData from the Asymptomatic Polyvascular Abnormalities in Community study were used (aged over 40y). We gathered information on tea consumption, including habit, frequency, and types, via a standardized questionnaire and assessed cognitive function by Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE) and/or Montreal Cognitive Assessment (MoCA). Three thousand eight hundred sixty-eight and 806 participants were selected in MMSE and MoCA subgroups. Multivariate logistic regression models were utilized to examine associations between tea consumption and cognitive impairment in middle-aged and older participants.ResultsIn MMSE analyses, after adjustment for potential confounding factors, habitual (odds ratio (OR) 0.47, [95% confidence interval (CI) 0.33-0.68], p<0.001) and high frequency (p trend <0.001) of tea intake were associated with a lower risk of cognitive impairment. The risk of cognitive impairment was lower in green tea consumption (OR 0.36, [95% CI 0.22-0.61], p<0.001) than other types (OR 0.59, [95% CI 0.38-0.91], p=0.017). In MoCA analyses, we got similar results.ConclusionsHabitual tea consumption, especially high-frequency and green tea consumption, was significantly associated with a lower prevalence of cognitive impairment in middle-aged and older individuals."
"AB Environmentalism has become an important global issue in the present century. During the recent years, the closed-loop green supply chain management has been increasingly a center of attention as a result of governmental laws and legislations (regarding the environmental effects of any activity) and the soaring consumers' expectations. In this study, effort has been made to investigate a facility location/allocation model for a multi-product closed-loop green supply chain network consisting of manufacturing/remanufacturing and collection/inspection centers as well as disposal center and markets. To design the network, we have proposed a mixed-integer linear programming model capable of reducing the network total costs. The model has been so developed as to consider such environmental objectives as reducing the rate of carbon dioxide emission in the environment throughout the network in question. Moreover, the model has been developed using a robust fuzzy programming approach to investigate the effects of uncertainties of the variable costs, as well as the demand rate, on the network design. To solve the bi-objective programming model, use has been made of the e-constraint approach and a numerical illustration of Copiers Industry is used to show the applicability of the proposed optimization model. Results have revealed that the model is capable of controlling the network uncertainties as a result of which a robustness price will be imposed on the system. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Background/Aims: Evidence on modifiable factors associated with cognitive impairment in Japanese patients is scarce. This study aimed to determine modifiable factors for cognitive impairment in a Japanese hospital-based population. Methods: Subjects of this cross-sectional study were 1,143 patients of Sado General Hospital (Niigata, Japan) registered in the Project in Sado for Total Health (PROST) between June 2008 and September 2014. We assessed disease history, body mass index (BMI), leisure time physical activity, walking time, smoking and drinking habits, and consumption of vegetables, fruits, and green tea as predictors, with cognitive impairment defined by the Mini-Mental State Examination (score <24) as an outcome. Multiple logistic regression analysis was performed to calculate odds ratios (ORs) for cognitive impairment. Results: The mean subject age was 68.9 years, and the prevalence of cognitive impairment was 21.5%. Multivariate analysis revealed that age (p < 0.001), low BMI (<21.1; OR 1.39, 95% CI 1.12-1.72), a history of stroke (p = 0.003), a history of myocardial infarction (p = 0.038), low fruit consumption (p for trend = 0.012), and low green tea consumption (p for trend = 0.032) were independently associated with a higher prevalence of cognitive impairment. Conclusions: Modifiable factors, such as low BMI, low fruit consumption, and low green tea consumption, are associated with cognitive impairment. Longitudinal studies will be needed to confirm these findings. (C) 2016 The Author(s) Published by S. Karger AG, Basel"
"AB Using the Computable General Equilibrium of Land Use Change (CGELUC) and Dynamics of Land System (DLS) models, we simulated land-use structures and patterns in Shandong Province in 2025 under three scenarios: baseline, resource consumption, and green development. Compared with the situation in 2015, a slight decrease in grassland, cultivated, and unused land was evident under the green development scenario. Forest land cover remained basically unchanged, whereas water bodies and construction land increased slightly. Under the baseline and resource consumption scenarios, all of the above land-use types showed a decreasing trend apart from construction land, which rapidly increased. Changes in the land-use allocation pattern demonstrated overall consistency and local differences under these scenarios. Among them, most changes in construction and cultivated land occurred around cities, with changes in forests and grassland mainly distributed in the central and northeastern regions. Changes in water bodies and unused land mainly occurred in the northern Yellow River basin and in northeastern coastal areas. Local differences were evident under the green development scenario, with conversion of a small amount of cultivated land in the central region into forests and grassland, and transformation of a small area of cultivated land in the northeastern coastal area into water bodies. The study's findings provide a scientific projection of competitive land-use relations in Shandong Province over the next decade under different land expropriation price and regulation scenarios, which can guide policy formulation and the selection of pathways for achieving sustainable regional development."
"AB Green areas (GA) contribute to improving the quality of life, can reduce temperature extremes, lessen the perception of noise, retain dust, and increase the permeability of the urban area, offering a nice space for physical activity and social interaction between many other benefits. It is a space that behaves as a promoter of health. The aim of this study was to evaluate which variables are associated with the GA attendance in Mogi Mirim, SP. It was conducted a cross-sectional study to verify the values of the Odds Ratios of significant variables associated with the GA attendance. Data were collected by random sampling of households, through structured questionnaire to 262 adults, between February and August 2012. The technique applied was logistic regression to describe the association between the dependent variable, AV attendance at least once a week and the set of explanatory variables. Of the respondents, 47% of the sample attends GA, at least once a week. Variables that showed significant positive association with the GA use were: have a dog (OR = 1.88; 95% CI: 1.13 - 3.15) and, own garden at home (OR = 1.83; 95% CI: 1.08 - 3.11. The variable that showed a significant negative association was use the bus as a primary means of transportation (OR = 0.51; 95% CI: 0.29 - 0.89. This research explored and presented a research methodology for assessing the socioeconomic characteristics of the population and possible associations with use of GA. Thus, it is an important resource, little found in the national literature, which must be replicated in order to stimulate this essential practice of health promotion.."
"AB The development of green space along urban rivers could mitigate urban heat island effects, enhance the physical and mental well-being of city dwellers, and improve flood resilience. A linear park has been recently created along the ephemeral Pedieos River in the urban area of Nicosia, Cyprus. Questionnaire surveys and micrometeorological measurements were conducted to explore people's perceptions and satisfaction regarding the services of the urban park. People's main reasons to visit the park were physical activity and exercise (67%), nature (13%), and cooling (4%). The micrometeorological measurements in and near the park revealed a relatively low cooling effect (0.5 degrees C) of the park. However, the majority of the visitors (84%) were satisfied or very satisfied with the cooling effect of the park. Logistic regression analysis indicated that the odds of individuals feeling very comfortable under a projected 3 degrees C future increase in temperature would be 0.34 times lower than the odds of feeling less comfortable. The discrepancies between the observed thermal comfort index and people's perceptions revealed that people in semi-arid environments are adapted to the hot climatic conditions; 63% of the park visitors did not feel uncomfortable at temperatures between 27 degrees C and 37 degrees C. Further research is needed to assess other key ecosystems services of this urban green river corridor, such as flood protection, air quality regulation, and biodiversity conservation, to contribute to integrated climate change adaptation planning."
"AB Capture-mark-recapture studies rely on the identification of individuals through time, using markers or tags, which are assumed to be retained. This assumption, however, may be violated, having implications for population models. In sea turtles, individual identification is typically based on external flipper tags, which can be combined with internal passive integrated transponder (PIT) tags. Despite the extensive use of flipper tags, few studies have modelled tag loss using continuous functions. Using a 26-year dataset for sympatrically nesting green (Chelonia mydas) and loggerhead (Caretta caretta) turtles, this study aims to assess how PIT tag use increases the accuracy of estimates of life-history traits. The addition of PIT tags improved female identification: between 2000 and 2017, 53% of green turtles and 29% of loggerhead turtles were identified from PIT tags alone. We found flipper and PIT tag losses were best described by decreasing logistic curves with lower asymptotes. Excluding PIT tags from our dataset led to underestimation of flipper tag loss, reproductive periodicity, reproductive longevity and annual survival, and overestimation of female abundance and recruitment for both species. This shows the importance of PIT tags in improving the accuracy of estimates of life-history traits. Thus, estimates where tag loss has not been corrected for should be interpreted with caution and could bias IUCN Red List assessments. As such, long-term population monitoring programmes should aim to estimate tag loss and assess the impact of loss on life-history estimates, to provide robust estimates without which population models and stock assessments cannot be derived accurately."
"AB Background Previous studies have reported that tea extract supplementation has potential benefits on the risk factors of non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD); however, no study has investigated the direct effect of daily tea consumption on the prevalence of NAFLD in the general population. This cross-sectional study aimed to evaluate the associations between tea consumption and the prevalence of newly diagnosed NAFLD among Chinese adults. Methods The present cross-sectional study was based on the Tianjin Chronic Low-grade Systemic Inflammation and Health Cohort Study. In total, 19,350 participants were enrolled in the analyses. Tea consumption was assessed via a self-administered food frequency questionnaire. NAFLD was diagnosed via liver ultrasonography and no history of heavy alcohol intake. Logistic regression analysis was used to estimate the associations between tea consumption and the prevalence of NAFLD. Results Consumption of green tea, oolong tea, and black tea were positively associated with the prevalence of newly diagnosed NAFLD before adjustments. Compared with the participants who never drink tea, the odds ratios (95% confidence interval) of newly diagnosed NAFLD in the highest categories (>= 1 cup/day) of green tea, oolong tea, black tea, and jasmine tea were 1.48 (1.33, 1.65), 1.50 (1.33, 1.68), and 1.28 (1.13, 1.46), and 1.36 (1.20, 1.54) before adjustments, respectively. However, no significant association was found between tea consumption and the prevalence of NAFLD after adjusting for socio-demographic, behavioural, anthropometric, dietary, and clinical confounding factors. Conclusion There is no significant association between daily tea drinking and newly-diagnosed NAFLD in general Chinese adults."
"AB Background Childhood overweight/obesity has been associated with environmental context, such as green space, gardens, crime and deprivation. This paper assesses the longitudinal association between environment and body mass index (BMI) for children across the ages of 3-11 years. It also investigates the relationship between environment and child overweight/obesity"
"AB In 1999, crop consultants scouting for stink bugs (Hemiptera spp.) in South Carolina discovered a formerly unobserved seed rot of cotton that caused yield losses ranging from 10 to 15% in certain fields. The disease has subsequently been reported in fields throughout the southeastern Cotton Belt. Externally, diseased bolls appeared undamaged; internally, green fruit contain pink to dark brown, damp, deformed lint, and necrotic seeds. In greenhouse experiments, we demonstrated transmission of the opportunistic bacterium Pantoea agglomerans by the southern green stink bug, Nezara viridula (L.). Here, green bolls were sampled from stink bug management plots (insecticide protected or nontreated) from four South Atlantic coast states (North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, and Florida) to determine disease incidence in the field and its association with piercing-sucking insects feeding. A logistic regression analysis of the boll damage data revealed that disease was 24 times more likely to occur (P = 0.004) in bolls collected from plots in Florida, where evidence of pest pressure was highest, than in bolls harvested in NC with the lowest detected insect pressure. Fruit from plots treated with insecticide, a treatment which reduced transmission agent numbers, were 4 times less likely to be diseased than bolls from unprotected sites (P = 0.002). Overall, punctured bolls were 125 times more likely to also have disease symptoms than nonpunctured bolls, irrespective of whether or not plots were protected with insecticides (P = 0.0001). Much of the damage to cotton bolls that is commonly attributed to stink bug feeding is likely the resulting effect of vectored pathogens."
"AB While greenery in the city provide a number of important functions, the prevention of illegal dumping of household garbage (IDHG) has rarely been mentioned. Literature review on IDHG implied that greening on dumping sites can be understood as an effort to prevent such behaviour by modifying the physical characteristics of the site, in which case the physical characteristics of the greenery itself (i.e. the physical design) is also a potential factor. Therefore, this exploratory study attempts to answer (I) whether urban street greenery can function as a prevention against IDHG and (2) what relationship exists between the physical design elements of street greenery and its effectiveness. The study examined a recent IDHG-preventive greening project implemented in Suwon, a South Korean city. A quasi-experiment comparing the street greenery sites with non-street greenery sites and a binary logistic regression among the street greenery sites was conducted respectively to analyse the above questions. Results suggest that while street greenery does appear to function as a preventive method against IDHG, certain physical design elements notably related to the greenery's spatial features also tend to influence its effectiveness. A possible explanation may be that these elements might contribute to its effectiveness by reducing the actual space available for dumping garbage. It is hoped that this exploratory study could provide insight and universal implications regarding the relationship among urban greenery, its physical design, and its function as a prevention against IDHG. (C) 2015 Elsevier GmbH. All rights reserved."
"AB Background: The 2015-2020 Dietary Guidelines for Americans (DGA) provides specific intake recommendations for vegetable variety and amount in order to protect against chronic disease. However, to the best of our knowledge, no studies have examined the link between DGA recommended vegetable variety and cardiometabolic disease. To address this research gap, our aim was to estimate the relationship between vegetable variety, vegetable amount, and prevalent cardiometabolic disease subtypes, and to assess potential determinants of vegetable variety."
"AB The biomass industry is growing due to the current search for greener and more sustainable alternatives to fossil energy sources. However, this industry, due to its singularity, presents several challenges and disadvantages related to the transportation of raw materials, with the large volumes that are usually involved. This project aimed to address this internal logistics situation in torrefied biomass pellets production with two different biomass storage parks, located in Portugal. The main park receives raw material coming directly from the source and stores it in large amounts as a backup and strategic storage park. The second park, with smaller dimensions, precedes the production unit and must be stocked daily. Therefore, a fleet of transport units with self-unloading cranes is required to help to unload the biomass at the main park and transport the raw material from this park to the one preceding the production unit. Thus, the main goal was to determine the dimensions of the fleet used in internal transportation operations to minimize the idle time of the transport units using a methodology already in use in the mining and quarrying industry. This methodology was analyzed and adapted to the situation presented here. The implementation of this study allows the elimination of unnecessary costs in an industry where the profit margins are low."
AB Purpose - The purpose of this paper is to find a sustainable facility location solution for a closed-loop distribution network in the uncertain environment created by of high levels of product returns from online retailing coupled with growing pressure to reduce carbon emissions.
"AB This article aims to evaluate municipal solid waste (MSW) management schemes in order to promote sustainability and eco-efficiency, core elements in global mitigation strategies in both public and private policies. A discrete event simulation (DES) approach was used to integrate the economic, environmental, and social aspects related to aseptic carton packages (ACP) in Itajuba, Brazil. The simulated scenarios consider three alternatives for disposing ACP: landfills, recycling, and incineration with energy recovery. According to our findings, incineration alternatives are preferred from an eco-efficiency perspective, given the potential greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions reductions and due to the possibility of energy recover, which reinforces the contribution of this technology to promote sustainability as largely found in the international literature. Given the context of MSW management in Brazil, this represents a significant opportunity to increase the effectiveness of mitigation strategies adopted in the country. Taking into account that this is by far the least applied technology, the authors strongly advocate that global strategies for mitigation consider different approaches to integrate carbon dioxide (CO2) emission reductions related to the entire MSW management system and its alternatives, thus advancing from a waste disposal-oriented system to a life cycle-oriented system."
"AB The demand for bioenergy (biofuels, heat and electricity) is increasing steadily around the globe. Major policy-related interventions for adoption and promotion of bioenergy have also been realized by several countries over the past few decades. The biomass supply chain incorporates several components of bioenergy production, which in turn consist of several activities for which different alternative methods are available. Different components of the biomass supply chain include production of bioenergy feedstock (biomass), logistics of biomass, conversion of biomass to bioenergy, and distribution of bioenergy or bioenergy carriers for end use. The single largest limiting factor for the production of bioenergy is the unavailability of biomass. Dedicated, fast-growing and high-biomass-producing plantations on non-arable land and utilization of agro-industrial waste materials can overcome this problem. Holistic integration of different components of the biomass supply chain and activities involved therein along with judicious design are likely to enhance the quantum of energy return, improve the greenhouse gas balance and reduce the water footprint of the bioenergy production facility. Additionally, the emerging yet promising concept of lignocellulosic and algal biorefinery would require a careful and prudent design of the biomass supply chain to achieve one of the most attractive characteristic of bioenergy: environmental sustainability."
"AB In supply chain management (SCM), two topics have gained importance over the last years. On the one hand, sustainable SCM (SSCM) has become increasingly relevant and many publications have contributed to the topic. On the other hand, information technology (IT) is being progressively considered as a key enabler for efficiency in supply chains. Several research efforts have contributed to the field of IT for SSCM. However, this paper is the first recent attempt to summarise the current state of the art of how IT can affect SSCM in any structured way and to compare it with IT for general' SCM to give guidance for future research. This paper surveys 55 peer-reviewed articles that were retrieved through keyword searches (until May 2014). The analysis identifies research deficits as well as a lack of scientific discourse employing empirical techniques and a lack of investigations on the social sustainability. Additionally, possible topics for further research were derived by comparing the survey's results with the current research on IT for general' SCM following the analysis of 631 articles. Six fields could be identified, namely output/effects of IT, machine communication and multiagents, inputs and IT-supported processing, IT-enabled interorganisational exchange, quantitative IT approaches and a sector focus."
"AB This paper focuses on land use and land cover (LULC) expansion and local climate zone (LCZ) changes in relation to warming in the future, the study concentrates on three major parts. First, this research analyzes LULC and LCZ changes from 1991 to 2016 using Landsat satellite images data. This reveals the history of urban expansion over the study period, urban growth rate and urban land demand projection in the target year (2026). Second, the study determines LULC and LCZ changes in the future by using spatial logistic regression model. Third, the examination of urban expansion in relation to warming in the future was conducted. The result shows that the built-up area has more development and expansion to the northern, southern and western parts of Bangkok. The built-up surface temperature climbed and continued to increase between 1991 and 2016. The trend of temperature differences between the built-up areas and other areas, significantly widened in 2026. Most of green area on the western part of Bangkok was replaced by compact mid-rise, compact low-rise, and open low-rise building. The study means that the western part of the city will be warmer approximately 1 to 2 degrees C in the future."
"AB The goal of energy cost-aware routing and wavelength assignment (RWA) is to minimize the total electricity expenditure in an optical network. While effective, simply aiming to reduce the electricity consumed does not necessarily mitigate the environmental impact. A new approach is required to simultaneously reduce both the electricity cost and emissions produced as a by-product of RWA. We present a method for doing so through the use of mixed-integer linear programming (MILP), which can find the optimal solution that minimizes the electricity cost of RWA for a static set of requests while keeping emissions under a specified cap. This objective is quantitatively compared to alternative goals, including directly minimizing the emissions produced, reducing the length of established paths, and balancing reductions in both emissions and electricity cost simultaneously. As MILP computation is costly and the results are required in near real time to react to changing prices, we present a solution that employs a well-known supervised machine learning algorithm, logistic regression, that predicts the cost saving paths in real time. Using a dataset of 808,024 records (70% for training and 30% for testing) output from the MILP, we find that this logistic regression model predicts the most cost-efficient path with 92.5% accuracy."
"AB This paper deals with the optimization of a manufacturing-remanufacturing-transport-warehousing closed-loop supply chain, which is composed of two machines for manufacturing and remanufacturing, manufacturing stock, purchasing warehouse, transport vehicle and recovery inventory. The proposed system takes into account the return of used end-of-life products from the market. Manufactured and re-manufactured products are stored in the manufacturing stock. The used end-of-life products are stored in the recovery inventory for remanufacturing. The vehicle transports products from the manufacturing stock to the purchasing warehouse. The objective of this work is to simultaneously evaluate the optimal capacities of manufacturing stock, purchasing warehouse and the vehicle, as well as the optimal value of returned used end-of-life products. Those four decision variables minimize the total cost function. A discrete flow model, which is supposed to be the most realistic, is used to describe the system. An optimization program, based on a genetic algorithm, is developed to find the decision variables. Numerical results are presented to study the influence of transportation time, unit remanufacturing cost and configuration of the manufacturing/remanufacturing machines on the decision variables."
"AB Objective: To explore the association between tea consumption and cognitive impairment (CoI).Methods: 4579 adults (60 years) from the Weitang Geratric Diseases Study were assessed for characteristics of tea consumption and cognitive function by administering questionnaires and the Abbreviated Mental Test (AMT), respectively. We divided the subjects into normal cognitive function group (AMT score 8) and CoI group (AMT score 7). The association between tea consumption and risk of CoI was determined by logistic regression models.Results: The least-squared means of the AMT scores for the subjects who seldom consumed tea were less favorable than those who habitually consumed tea. An inverse association was found between tea consumption (of any type) and prevalence of CoI (odds ratio = 0.74, 95% confidence interval = 0.57-0.98, P = 0.032). Interestingly, the protective correlation of tea was more obvious in never smokers (odds ratio = 0.63), but vanished in current/former smokers (odds ratio = 1.10). In never smokers, frequency of tea consumption was significantly associated with CoI (P for trend = 0.010).Conclusion: Habitual tea consumption is suggested to be associated with a decreased risk of CoI among elders in Suzhou, and a higher frequency of tea consumption was associated with a lower prevalence of CoI among never smokers."
"AB Fruit packaging is a time-consuming task due to its low automation level. The gentle handling required by some kinds of fruits and their natural variations complicates the implementation of automated quality controls and tray positioning for final packaging. In this article, we propose a method for the automatic localization and pose estimation of apples captured by a Red-Green-Blue (RGB) camera using convolutional neural networks. Our pose estimation algorithm uses a cascaded structure composed of two independent convolutional neural networks: one for the localization of apples within the images and a second for the estimation of the three-dimensional rotation of the localized and cropped image area containing an apple. We used a single shot multi-box detector to find the bounding boxes of the apples in the images. Lie algebra is used for the regression of the rotation, which represents an innovation in this kind of application. We compare the performances of four different network architectures and show that this kind of representation is more suitable than using state-of-the-art quaternions. By using this method, we achieved a promising accuracy for the rotation regression of 98.36%, considering an error range lower than 15 degrees, forming a base for the automation of fruit packing systems."
"AB Platooning has been identified as a promising way to reduce the carbon footprint and fuel consumption of freight transportation. Recent technological developments connecting a platoon via digital data transmission even allow that the driver of the front truck controls all (unmanned) follower vehicles. Existing research mainly focuses on the technological and safety aspects of controlling the trucks and their distances. However, the efficiency of platooning is not only dependent on the aerodynamic drag, which considerably reduces with decreasing inter-vehicle distance; it is also influenced by the platoon formation process. To explore the impact of this and other neglected aspects on the efficiency of platooning (i.e., the diffusion of platooning technology, maximum platoon lengths, and the trucks' willingness-to-wait for partners) a basic scheduling problem for the platoon building process along a single path is investigated. By differentiating problem characteristics, e.g., the objective function, we derive different problem settings for which a detailed analysis of computational complexity is provided. Efficient algorithms are derived and applied to explore the impact of the diffusion of platooning technology, the maximum platoon length, and the tightness of time windows. Our results show that these factors can considerably reduce the positive effects of truck platooning, and, thus, the benefit may diminish. (C) 2018 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
AB BackgroundOccupation influences the risk for developing chronic metabolic diseases.
"AB Aiming to improve the timeliness of logistics distribution and render the optimized route scheme effective under the real traffic network, we study the green vehicle routing problem with dynamic travel speed from both dimensions of time and space. A discrete formulation is proposed to calculate the travel time based on periods and arcs, which allows a vehicle to travel across an arc in multiple periods. Then, we establish a mixed-integer nonlinear programming model with minimum distribution costs including transportation costs, carbon emissions costs, and penalty costs on earliness and tardiness. A hybrid adaptive genetic algorithm with elite neighborhood search is developed to solve the problem. In the algorithm, a neighborhood search operator is employed to optimize elite individuals so that the algorithm can stimulate the intensification and avoid falling into a local optimum. Experimental instances are constructed based on benchmark instances of vehicle routing problem. The numerical results indicate that the proposed algorithm is rather effective in global convergence. Compared with the routing schemes in which travel speed merely varies with time periods or locations, the vehicle route optimized on spatiotemporal-varying speed outperforms them in terms of carbon emissions and timeliness. The research can provide a scientific and reasonable method for logistics enterprises to plan the vehicle schedule focusing on spatiotemporal-dependent speed of the road network."
"AB Purpose The purpose of this paper is to empirically examine the relationships between low carbon supply chain practices and their relationships with environmental sustainability (ES) and the economic performances (EP) of firms. The study also includes an examination of the low carbon supply chain practices that are utilized by Indian manufacturing firms. Design/methodology/approach Through a questionnaire-based survey, the data received from 83 Indian manufacturing firms was analyzed using a variance-based structural equation modeling technique to test the proposed hypotheses. Findings The study indicates that carbon governance is a strategic imperative for the adoption of low carbon supply chain practices. Similarly, low carbon product and process design (LCPPD), manufacturing and logistics lead to improved ES. In addition, low carbon purchasing is positively related to the adoption of LCPPD, manufacturing and logistics. No significant relationship was found between the adoption of low carbon supply chain practices and the EP of a firm. Originality/value This study provides two major contributions to green supply chain management. First, it provides comprehensive empirical evidence on low carbon supply chain practices that are being followed by Indian manufacturing firms. Second, this study also empirically validated a structural model of low carbon supply chain practices."
"AB New requirements and developments in the world of business and commerce era provide a background to the emergence of new attitudes which are essential for those involved in the field of production and trade. In this regard, there are new approaches and attitudes toward the subject matter of supply chain which is following an approach to a green chain via environmental requirements. In this study, not only the suppliers directly associated with the company, but also those providing raw materials for manufacturers were also considered in a second layer of supply chain, so as to select optimal suppliers from the both layers. Considering the first and second layers of suppliers as well as the green factor, a criteria called ""second layer"" was developed, with its associated fuzzy numbers been calculated using a proposed method, so as to rank suppliers on the first layer in hierarchical fuzzy TOPSIS method based on different levels of alpha. Finally, in order to assign orders to suppliers from the first and second layer, multi-objective linear programming was used to formulate various constraints such as size of each supplier on either the first or second layers as well as the capacity of the communication paths between suppliers on the first layer and the buyer, with respect to extenuating circumstances. In this paper, a multi-product model is proposed to solve multiple sourcing supplier problem in green supply chains considering environmental issues. The proposed model aims to maximize value of the suppliers while minimizing the costs associated with environmental pollutions, purchasing expenses, fixed ordering cost, transportation costs and penalties for returned goods. The solution method succeed to improve epsilon constraint in GAMS Software. The efficiency and applicability of the proposed approach is further illustrated with a case study in a washing machine manufacturing company."
"AB Limitations of Normalized Difference Vegetation Index (NDVI) potentially contributed to the inconsistent findings of greenspace exposure and childhood asthma. The aim of this study was to use a novel greenness exposure assessment method, capable of overcoming the limitation of NDVI to determine the extent to which it was associated with asthma prevalence in Chinese children. During 2009-2013, a cross-sectional study of 59,754 children aged 2-17 years was conducted in northeast China. Tencent street view images surrounding participants' schools were segmented by a deep learning model, and streetscape greenness was extracted. The green view index (GVI) was used to assign exposure and higher value indicates more green coverage. Mixed-effects logistic regression models were used to calculate the adjusted odds of asthma per interquartile range (IQR) increase of GVI for trees and grass. Participants were further stratified to investigate whether particulate matter with an aerodynamic diameter <2.5 mu m (PM2.5) was a modifier. An IQR increase in GVI(800m) for trees was associated with lower adjusted odds of doctor-diagnosed asthma (OR: 0.76; 95%CI: 0.72-0.80) and current asthma (OR: 0.82; 95%CI: 0.75-0.89). An IQR increase in GVI(800m) for grass was associated with higher adjusted odds of doctor-diagnosed asthma (OR: 1.04; 95%CI: 1.00-1.08) and current asthma (OR: 1.08; 95%CI: 1.02-1.14). After stratification by PM2.5 exposure level, the negative association between trees and asthma, and the positive association between grass and asthma were observed only in low PM2.5 exposure levels (<= median: 56.23 mu g/m(3)). Our results suggest that types of vegetation may play a role in the association between greenness exposure and childhood asthma. Exposure to trees may reduce the odds of childhood asthma, whereas exposure to grass may increase the odds. Additionally, PM2.5 may modify the associations of trees and grass with childhood asthma."
"AB Green space exposure has been positively correlated with better mental-health indicators in several high income countries, but has not been examined in low-and middle-income countries undergoing rapid urbanization. Building on a study of mental health in adults with a pre-existing chronic condition, we examined the association between park availability and major depression among 1208 adults surveyed in Delhi, India. Major depression was measured using the Mini International Neuropsychiatric Interview. The ArcGIS platform was used to quantify park availability indexed as (i) park distance from households, (ii) area of the nearest park; and within one km buffer area around households - the (iii) number and (iv) total area of all parks. Mixed-effects logistic regression models adjusted for socio-demographic characteristics indicated that relative to residents exposed to the largest nearest park areas (tertile 3), the odds [95% confidence interval] of major depression was 3.1 [1.4-7.0] times higher among residents exposed to the smallest nearest park areas (tertile 1) and 2.1 [0.9-4.8] times higher in residents with mid-level exposure (tertile 2). There was no statistically significant association between other park variables tested and major depression. We hypothesized that physical activity in the form of walking, perceived stress levels and satisfaction with the neighborhood environment may have mediating effects on the association between nearest park area and major depression. We found no significant mediation effects for any of our hypothesized variables. In conclusion, our results provide preliminary and novel evidence from India that availability of large parks in the immediate neighborhood positively impacts mental well-being of individuals with pre-existing chronic conditions, at the opportune time when India is embarking on the development of sustainable cities that aim to promote health through smart urban design - one of the key elements of which is the inclusion of urban green spaces."
"AB Purpose In this study, the authors consider the key decisions in the design of the green closed-loop supply chain (CSLC) network. These decisions include considering the optimal location of suppliers, production facilities, distribution, customers, recycling centers and disposal of non-recyclable goods. In the proposed model, the level of technology used in recycling and production centers is taken into account. Moreover, in this paper is the environmental impacts of production and distribution of products based on the eco-indicator 99 are considered. Design/methodology/approach In this study, the author consider the key decisions in the design of the green CLSC network. These decisions include considering the optimal location of suppliers, production facilities, distribution, customers, recycling centers and disposal of non-recyclable goods. In the proposed model, the level of technology used in recycling and production centers is taken into account. Moreover, the environmental impacts of production and distribution of products based on the eco-indicator 99 are considered. Findings The results indicate that the results obtained from the colonial competition algorithm have higher quality than the genetic algorithm. This quality of results includes relative percentage deviation and computational time of the algorithm and it is shown that the computational time of the colonial competition algorithm is significantly lower than the computational time of the genetic algorithm. Furthermore, the limit test and sensitivity analysis results show that the proposed model has sufficient accuracy. Originality/value Solid modeling of the green supply chain of the closed loop using the solid optimized method by Bertsimas and Sim. Development of models that considered environmental impacts to the closed loop supply chain. Considering the impact of the technology type in the manufacture of products and the recycling of waste that will reduce emissions of environmental pollutants. Another innovation of the model is the multi-cycle modeling of the closed loop of supply chain by considering the uncertainty and the fixed and variable cost of transport."
"AB Background: The prevalence of pollen allergy has increased due to urbanization, climate change and air pollution. The effects of green space and air pollution on respiratory health of pollen allergy patients are complex and best studied in spatio-temporal detail."
"AB Background: A rapidly growing body of research suggests that qualities of the built environment can promote active living among children and youth. Nevertheless, shortcomings in the current evidence for understanding which built environment characteristics provide opportunities for taking part in activities in childhood remain. This study aimed to examine whether population density, green spaces, and facilities/amenities are associated with participation in leisure-time physical activity (PA), organized activities, and social activities with friends and peers in Norwegian 8-year-olds."
"AB This article applies multiobjective optimization to show how the tradeoffs between cost and carbon emissions may be obtained in the context of sustainable operations. We formulate a model where transportation mode selection and order quantity decisions are considered jointly. We derive structural properties of the model and develop several insights. First, we show that switching to a greener mode of transportation while continuing to optimize the total logistics costs function may lead to a dominated solution. Second, we prove that the modal shift occurs only under strong carbon emissions reduction requirements. Third, we show that the efficient frontier is non-convex and we analyze some implications. Finally, we analyze the impacts of an increase in truck capacity. The results are illustrated through an example of a French retailer."
"AB The aim was to study the correspondence between the objective and perceived environment and to assess their associations with physical activity (PA) in older people. 848 community-dwelling older people aged 75-90 were interviewed on their difficulties in walking 500 m, perceiving nature as a facilitator for outdoor mobility, and PA. The presence of water and landscape diversity were objectively assessed inside 500 m and 1000 m circular buffers around participants' homes. Using logistic regression, participant data were analyzed together with the objectively assessed environmental features. Our results indicate that higher habitat diversity within natural areas correlates with higher PA among older people without walking difficulties and the presence of water correlates with higher PA among those with walking difficulties."
"AB There are significant environmental, economic and social factors favoring the reutilization of fruit and vegetable processing co-products in farm animal nutrition. Current evidence shows that fruit and vegetable processing co-products can be effectively used in farm animal nutrition as functional feed ingredients for the production of food products of improved quality. These ingredients comply with consumer requests for the production of clean, natural and eco/green label food products. The main parameters affecting extensive application of fruit and vegetable processing by-/co-products as functional feed ingredients in livestock nutrition are related to animal factors, logistics, and commercial value. Further research is needed to enable the commercial application of these products to livestock nutrition."
"AB This paper proposes a probabilistic model for assessing corporate sustainability performance. The need for probabilistic approaches to sustainability measurement is on the rise. Existing approaches to measuring strong sustainability, which emphasize the non-substitutability of resources, overwhelmingly focus on the national- or regional-levels. Few ""strong"" sustainability models explicitly address performance at the company level. The model proposed in this paper is also unique in that it addresses situations where the variables used to measure performance are dependent on one another. Existing approaches focus on independent variables. The model is provided in a generalized form and offers a straightforward approach to assessing the sustainability performance of corporations. Also discussed in the paper are some managerial and academic implications of the model."
"AB This paper attempts to design a three-echelon supply chain network for mine industry considering suppliers, manufacturing centers and distributors with different kinds of vehicles. A multi-objective mixed integer programming model is proposed to minimize transportation costs, shortage costs, purchase costs, production costs and CO2 emissions of vehicles with fuzzy demand values. epsilon-constraint method is used in order to convert multiple objective functions to a single objective function. Benders decomposition algorithm is applied to solve the model under three demand-based scenarios. A case study is done on Iranian mine industry to present the significance and applicability of the proposed model in a real-life case problem as well as the efficiency of Benders decomposition."
"AB Life cycle management (LCM) is a managerial framework to embed a holistic environmental sustainability logic inside organizations. Despite its long tradition, the implementation of LCM is little explored. In this study we observe how sensing, seizing, and reconfiguring capabilities together with managerial approaches to environmental sustainability help organizations embed LCM in their practices. We performed a multinomial logistic regression using a sample of 187 medium and large enterprises. Our findings show that sensing and seizing capabilities and an integrative approach to sustainability help embed LCM in presence of complex environments. Among dynamic capabilities, reconfiguring does not appear to help organizations embed LCM. This study contributes to the literature on LCM and dynamic capabilities."
"AB This paper proposes an integrated approach for transposing sustainable development principles to supply chain planning models. Inspired by research on performance measurement, we designed a method that links sustainability performance to supply chain decisions, and allows setting coherent performance measures. By transposing this method to a multi-objective mathematical programming, the supply chain planning is optimized while the economic, environmental and social performances are all coherently integrated into the model. To illustrate our approach, we applied it to a Canadian lumber industry case. We solved the mathematical model by using the weighted goal programming technique, which results in a set of ""compromise"" solutions allowing the decision maker to choose the alternative that reflects the balance he/she wishes to make regarding the three dimensions of sustainability. (C) 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB This paper develops a hub and spoke network based multi-objective green transportation model for evaluating optimal shipment quantity, modal choice, route selection, hub location, and vehicle velocity decisions considering wastages in Indian food grain context. A hybrid version of multi-objective meta-heuristic, Multi-Objective Particle Swarm Optimization with Differential Evolution (MOPSODE) is proposed to tackle the resulting non-linear formulation. Benchmarking with NSGA-II confirms the dominance of MOPSODE over NSGAII pertaining to near optimal pareto fronts obtained for the tested cases. Finally, the study derives the economic and environmental impact of varying hub location level, food grain wastage threshold and intermodal hub capacity."
"AB This paper investigates the pharmaceutical reverse supply chain. For this industry, the reverse supply chain is usually not owned by a single company. A decentralized negotiation process is thus presented in order to coordinate the collection of unwanted medications at customer zones. Using a Lagrangian relaxation method, the model is solved for a real generic pharmaceutical company. Coordination efforts are required from the supply chain entities, facing environmental regulations, to collect and recycle unwanted medications. Therefore, a bonus sharing technique is also proposed based on each entity's investment in the coordination process. Some numerical results are presented and discussed for two case studies. It shows that up to 28% more products could be collected if companies coordinate their operations efficiently. Besides, future insights on the same network are highlighted. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB This study compares eating habits among obese and non-obese Filipinas living in an urban area of Japan. We used self-report questionnaires to study 635 Filipinos. Body mass index (BMI) and eating/lifestyle habits were noted. Obesity was defined as BMI a parts per thousand yen25 kg/m(2). Seventeen percent (24/140) were obese. Results of the age-adjusted multiple logistic regression analysis show that the following responses were associated with obesity: ""frequency of eating high green and yellow vegetables"" (every day: 0, not every day: 1) [OR 4.9; 95 % confidence interval (CI) 1.6-14.8] and ""frequency of eating high fruits"" (every day: 0, not every day: 1) (OR .2; 95 % CI .1-.7). We suggest strategies to prevent obesity and improve eating habits among this Filipina population."
"AB Remanufacturing is an industrial process whereby used products are restored to useful life. This special issue seeks to address marketing issues for remanufactured products and provide an in-depth understanding of their barriers, together with mitigating practices and future opportunities. The articles present and analyse opportunities to improve marketing approaches for remanufactured products through exploring various marketing strategies, consumer behaviours, pricing and branding decisions, and optimized green transportation. This editorial note summarizes the outcomes of the papers published under this special issue, in addition to discussions on various influencing factors on marketing issues for remanufactured products including marketing attributes, customer willingness, pricing practices and performance evaluation methods. The final conclusion shows that there is sufficient scope to explore various perspectives connected with the issues of marketing remanufactured products through different fields of application. (C) 2019 Published by Elsevier Ltd."
"AB The main goal of this study is to address gap in the area of Closed-loop Supply Chain Network Design (CLSCND) under the hybrid uncertain conditions. To do this, a multi-product and multi-period model is developed in an edible oil supply chain. Since the proposed model includes two kinds of uncertain parameters, the scenario- and fuzzy-based parameters, a novel Robust Stochastic-Possibilistic Programming (RSPP) are proposed to cope with uncertain parameters, based on the Me measure. Furthermore, the performance of the RSPP model is reviewed, its weaknesses and strengths are studied, and it is compared with the other models. Finally, the usefulness and applicability of the RSPP model are tested by the real industrial case study."
"AB Recently, the topic of designing a closed loop supply chain network has attracted researchers' attention due to the enormous financial and environmental benefits obtained from its practices. This paper addresses a new model of designing a closed loop supply chain network, which considers a downward product substitution policy under four carbon emission regulation policies: carbon cap, carbon tax, carbon cap-and-trade and carbon offset. To solve the assumed uncertainties of product demand and number of products returned, robust optimization is adopted. The aim of the model proposed is to select which facility to open/operate, select a transportation mode and determine the quantity of shipped and substituted products. We show a numerical example of using the four carbon emission regulation policies."
"AB In the traditional multi-period inventory routing problem (MIRP), traveling distance is considered as the only measurement of vehicles' variable transportation cost; however, it is in fact the fuel consumption cost, not the distance, which is the greater concern. This paper evaluates vehicles' variable transportation cost by fuel consumption, which is influenced by distance, load, and fuel price. It presents an integer program to formally characterize the fuel consumption considered MIRP (FCMIRP), which can help enterprises obtain a more accurate tradeoff between transportation and inventory costs. It also benefits the environment, because reducing fuel consumption will curb carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions. Valid inequalities are added to strengthen the model and use a branch-and-cut algorithm. Computational tests indicate that the FCMIRP can decrease fuel consumption and total cost over the traditional model. Factors that influence the results of FCMIRP are also discussed."
"AB The coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic of 2020 drastically changed urban lifestyles. Workers were forced to minimize commuting to their workplaces, older adults were banned from using meeting facilities, and children were prohibited from going to school. The consequent lack of exercise, accumulated stress, and reduced well-being are likely to have become problems, which may be improved by using urban green spaces (UGS). This study clarified the characteristics of users of UGS in Tokyo during the COVID-19 pandemic, focusing on telecommuters, older adults, and families with children. An online questionnaire survey was conducted among Tokyo residents, and 3085 responses were obtained. A binomial logistic regression analysis was conducted with the use and evaluation of UGS as the objective variables. The results showed that older adults and families with children who had been using UGS before the pandemic and telecommuters who newly started using UGS during the pandemic used UGS differently. Older adults and families with children tended to use small parks and appreciated human connections. Telecommuters often used greenways, temples, and shrines, valuing stress-reducing functions. Given that a changing lifestyle brings new UGS users new preferences, urban planners should consider that UGS require change with the time."
"AB The association of colour with emotion constitutes a growing field of research, as it can affect how humans process their environment. Although there has been increasing interest in the association of red with negative valence in adults, little is known about how it develops. We therefore tested the red-negative association in children for the first time. Children aged 5-10 years performed a face categorization task in the form of a card-sorting task. They had to judge whether ambiguous faces shown against three different colour backgrounds (red, grey, green) seemed to feel good' or feel bad'. Results of logistic mixed models showed that - as previously demonstrated in adults - children across the age range provided significantly more feel bad' responses when the faces were given a red background. This finding is discussed in relation to colour-emotion association theories."
"AB Aim: The aim of this study was to examine the association between neighborhood characteristics and type 2 diabetes (T2D) comorbidity in serious mental illness (SMI). We investigated associations of neighborhood-level crime, accessibility to health care services, availability of green spaces, neighborhood obesity, and fast food availability with SMI-T2D comorbidity. Method: A series of multilevel logistic regression models accounting for neighborhood-level clustering were used to examine the associations between 5 neighborhood variables and SMI-T2D comorbidity, sequentially adjusting for individual-level variables and neighborhood-level socioeconomic disadvantage. Results: Individuals with SMI residing in areas with higher crime rates per 1000 population had 2.5 times increased odds of reporting T2D comorbidity compared to the individuals with SMI residing in lower crime rate areas after controlling for individual and areal level factors (95% CI 0.91-6.74). There was no evidence of association between SMI-T2D comorbidity and other neighborhood variables investigated. Conclusion: Public health strategies to reduce SMI-T2D comorbidity might benefit by targeting on individuals with SMI living in high-crime neighborhoods. Future research incorporating longitudinal designs and/or mediation analysis are warranted to fully elucidate the mechanisms of association between neighborhoods and SMI-T2D comorbidity."
"AB One of the dominant species of green algae growing along the Mediterranean coast of Egypt is Ulva lactuca. Pretreatment can have a major effect on biogas production because hydrolysis of the algae cell wall structure is a rate-limiting stage in the anaerobic digestion (AD) process. The use of ozone, a new pretreatment, to boost biogas production from the green algae Ulva lactuca was investigated in this study. Ozonation at various dosages was used in contrast to untreated biomass, and the effect on the performance of subsequent mesophilic AD using two separate inoculums (cow manure and activated sludge) was examined. The findings indicated that, in different studies, ozonation pretreatment showed a substantial increase in biogas yield relative to untreated algae. With an ozone dose of 249 mg O-3 g(-1) VS algal for Ulva lactuca, the highest biogas output (498.75 mL/g VS) was achieved using cow manure inoculum. The evaluation of FTIR, TGA, SEM, and XRD revealed the impact of O-3 on the structure of the algal cell wall and integrity breakage, which was thus established as the main contributor to improving the biogas production."
"AB The implications of change on local processes have attracted significant research interest in recent times. In urban settings, green spaces and forests have attracted much attention. Here, we present an assessment of change within the predominantly desert Middle Eastern city of Riyadh, an understudied setting. We utilized high-resolution SPOT 5 data and two classification techniques-maximum likelihood classification and object-oriented classification-to study the changes in Riyadh between 2004 and 2014. Imagery classification was completed with training data obtained from the SPOT 5 dataset, and an accuracy assessment was completed through a combination of field surveys and an application developed in ESRI Survey 123 tool. The Survey 123 tool allowed residents of Riyadh to present their views on land cover for the 2004 and 2014 imagery. Our analysis showed that soil or 'desert' areas were converted to roads and buildings to accommodate for Riyadh's rapidly growing population. The object-oriented classifier provided higher overall accuracy than the maximum likelihood classifier (74.71% and 73.79% vs. 92.36% and 90.77% for 2004 and 2014). Our work provides insights into the changes within a desert environment and establishes a foundation for understanding change in this understudied setting."
"AB Businesses have more complex supply chains than ever before. Many supply chain planning efforts result in sizable and often nonlinear optimization problems that are difficult to solve using standard solution methods. Meta-heuristic and heuristic solution methods have been developed and applied to tackle such modeling complexities. This paper aims to compare and analyze the performance of three meta-heuristic algorithms in solving a nonlinear green supply chain planning problem. A tactical planning model is presented that aims to balance the economic and emissions performance of the supply chain. Utilizing data from an Australian clothing manufacturer, three meta-heuristic algorithms including Genetic Algorithm, Simulated Annealing and Cross-Entropy are adopted to find solutions to this problem. Discussions on the key characteristics of these algorithms and comparative analysis of the numerical results provide some modeling insights and practical implications. In particular, we find that (1) a Cross-Entropy method outperforms the two popular meta-heuristic algorithms in both computation time and solution quality, and (2) Simulated Annealing may produce better results in a time-restricted comparison due to its rapid initial convergence speed. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
AB Purpose - The purpose of this paper is to assess the current state of performance measurement (PM) in academic literature and in the automotive supply chain (SC). The research question is to what extent PM systems (PMS) in academic literature and in industry are applicable in automotive logistics.
"AB The robotic mobile fulfillment system (RMFS) is a new automatic warehousing system, a type of green technology, and an emerging trend in the logistics industry. In this study, we take an RMFS as the research object and combine the connected issues of storage location assignment and path planning into one optimization problem from the perspective of collaborative optimization. A sustainable mathematical model for the collaborative optimization of storage location assignment and path planning (COSLAPP) is established, which considers the relationship between the location assignment of goods and rack storage and path planning in an RMFS. On this basis, we propose a location assignment strategy for goods clustering and rack turnover, which utilizes reservation tables, sets AGV operation rules to resolve AGV running conflicts, and improves the A-star(A*) algorithm based on the node load to find the shortest path by which the AGV handling the racks can complete the order picking. Ultimately, simulation studies were performed to ascertain the effectiveness of COSLAPP in the RMFS; the results show that the new approach can significantly improve order picking efficiency, reduce energy consumption, and lessen the operating costs of the warehouse of a distribution center."
"AB The increasing volumes of road transportation contribute to congestion on road, which leads to delays and other negative impacts on the reliability of transportation. Moreover, transportation is one of the main contributors to the growth of carbon dioxide equivalent emissions, where the impact of road transportation is significant. Therefore, governmental organizations and private commercial companies are looking for greener transportation solutions to eliminate the negative externalities of road transportation. In this paper, we present a novel solution framework to support the operational-level decisions for intermodal transportation networks using a combination of an optimization model and simulation. The simulation model includes stochastic elements in form of uncertain travel times, whereas the optimization model represents a deterministic and linear multi-commodity service network design formulation. The intermodal transportation plan can be optimized according to different objectives, including costs, time and emissions. The proposed approach is successfully implemented to real-life scenarios where differences in transportation plans for alternative objectives are presented. The solutions for transportation networks with up to 250 services and 20 orders show that the approach is capable of delivering reliable solutions and identifying possible disruptions and alternatives for adapting the unreliable transportation plans."
"AB Supply chain sustainability (SCS) is an approach that takes into consideration the environmental, economic, and social aspects of the supply chain processes, components, technologies, and logistics when designing a supply chain network. The elements that impact SCS encompass all kinds of waste, emissions, green management, workers? health and well-being, market competitiveness, transportation, and financial aspects of the network. Supply chain experts should integrate sustainability practices in different phases of the supply chain and encourage organizations to orient their efforts toward designing sustainable supply chains. In this study, we present a new metric, ?supply chain sustainability index (SCSI)? to assess the overall sustainability of a biomass supply chain network through three criteria: environmental, social, and economic sustainability. To pursue the objective of the study, a Bayesian Network approach is implemented to depict the causal relationship among different variables and to demonstrate a better analysis of the subject. For further assessment and analysis of the overall sustainability of the supply chain network, sensitivity analysis and belief propagation are performed. Results indicate that all three criteria are imperative to SCSI prediction; however, economic sustainability has a slightly higher effect among the three criteria, while social criteria have the lowest effect on SCSI. ? 2021 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB There is a growing consensus that the increase in greenhouse gases results in unfavorable changes to the Earth's climate and is responsible for global warming. Due to this ecological imbalance, governments are under growing pressure to enact strict legislation to control these emissions in their respective countries. Consumers also demand eco-friendly products and are moving toward firms that are socially and environmentally responsible. Therefore, industries are facing increased pressure to adopt sustainable production approaches. This paper demonstrates how a mixed integer linear program can be used to optimize the balance of overall cost and carbon emissions in the production, storage, and distribution of products in a regulatory environment that includes a cap and trade policy. The model is computationally tested for fifteen case instances of different sizes. The main contributions of the proposed model are (a) to link the emission parameters to various decision variables to support the decision making related to carbon costs and carbon emissions, (b) to address international trade issues by considering international parameters such as imports, exports, and government subsidies and perform a country-specific analysis for carbon emissions, and (c) to identify the extent to which the operational adjustment can be used as an alternative to the costly investment in carbon reduction technologies to reduce emissions."
"AB This review paper provides the operations management (OM) community with an exhaustive analysis of the mathematical models developed for the problem of low-carbon supply chain management (LCSCM). Our paper belongs to the green supply chain management (GSCM) reviews but is distinguished by its specific interest in analysing research works on supply chain (SC) management regarding the reduction of carbon emissions and its related constraints. To facilitate our benchmarking of the 83 selected papers, we adopt a literature classification based on the logistic decisions studied within the developed models. We distinguish three categories of logistic decisions: operational management, technology investment and SC design coordination. Companies are currently facing great external pressures from governments and their conscientious customers to reduce their overall emissions. We analyse how these environmental constraints, which we believe are key drivers for low-carbon emissions management, have been incorporated into mathematical models. Analysing these external pressures in terms of concern about carbon emissions constitutes our main contribution through this literature review. In addition, companies are facing a challenge to reduce their carbon emissions, which are mainly generated from production, transport and storage activities. Consequently, the modelling of carbon emissions remains a crucial task when addressing the LCSCM problem. We suggest analysing the techniques used thus far to approximate those carbon emissions. Furthermore, to illustrate our literature classification and the features of the LCSCM problem, we provide the framework on which we based our analysis of the selected literature. We discuss the modelling aspects of this problem to highlight the limits of the existing literature and consequently suggest recommendations for future research. We believe that this issue will continue to be one of the top concerns of the OM community within the GSCM field as it continues to gain importance among business leaders, and political and social actors."
"AB Purpose - The purpose of this paper is to investigate the impact of the salient task environment on reverse logistics (RL) practices and organizational performance in the context of Taiwanese computer, communication, and consumer (3C) electronics retail industry."
AB Background: Few studies have reported the association between greenspace and academic performance at school level. We examined associations between both residential and school greenspace and individual school grades in German adolescents.
"AB The occurrence of natural vegetation at a given time is determined by interplay of multiple drivers. The effects of several drivers, e.g., geomorphology, topography, climate variability, accessibility, demographic indicators, and changes in human activities on the occurrence of natural vegetation in the severe drought periods and, prior to the year 2000, have been analyzed in West Africa. A binary logistic regression (BLR) model was developed to better understand whether the variability in these drivers over the past years was statistically significant in explaining the occurrence of natural vegetation in the year 2000. Our results showed that multiple drivers explained the occurrence of natural vegetation in West Africa at p < 0.05. The dominant drivers, however, were site-specific. Overall, human influence indicators were the dominant drivers in explaining the occurrence of natural vegetation in the selected hotspots. Human appropriation of net primary productivity (HANPP), which is an indicator of human socio-economic activities, explained the decreased likelihood of natural vegetation occurrence at all the study sites. However, the impacts of the remaining significant drivers on natural vegetation were either positive (increased the probability of occurrence) or negative (decreased the probability of occurrence), depending on the unique environmental and socio-economic conditions of the areas under consideration. The study highlights the significant role human activities play in altering the normal functioning of the ecosystem by means of a statistical model. The research contributes to a better understanding of the relationships and the interactions between multiple drivers and the response of natural vegetation in West Africa. The results are likely to be useful for planning climate change adaptation and sustainable development programs in West Africa."
AB BACKGROUND The breast cancer screening (BCS) chart is suggested as a basic and preliminary tool to improve efficiency of screening mammography.
"AB The rapid expansion of non-grain production (NGP) on cultivated land is of increasing concern regarding grain security in China. Characterizing the developmental mechanism of different NGP types and their responses to current policies is essential for providing critical references for the improvement of cultivated land protection policy. This study was conducted to explore the driving forces of NGP expansion in Tongxiang during three periods (2000-2008, 2008-2012, and 2012-2015). We first mapped the distributions of four types of NGP using multi-temporal high-resolution aerial photos. Then, we identified the driving forces of different NGP types at the parcel level using multinomial logistic regression modelling with geophysical, proximate, neighbourhood and policy variables. Our results showed that the total NGP area in Tongxiang increased from 31.16 ha to 2491.84 ha from 2000 to 2015. Farming conditions, such as soil type and distance to rivers, contributed more than settlements networks to the expansion of NGP in the Tongxiang region. A continuous and significant neighbourhood effect was found among pond fish farming, nursery plantations and duck rearing, demonstrating the strong stimulation of converted NGP parcels to surrounding farmers. Surprisingly, the implementation of policies such as basic farmland and standardized farmland failed to inhibit and actually encouraged NGP expansion. The planning of the main-functional region of grain production had a positive effect on inhibiting the expansion of some NGP types at certain stages. Our study provides valuable insights into the driving forces of NGP expansion at the parcel level and its response to current policies. This study supplements existing research to fully understand the phenomenon of NGP from the perspective of land use decision-making."
"AB Purpose: Sentinel node is routinely localized with the intraoperative use of a radioactive tracer, involving challenging logistics. Super paramagnetic iron oxide nanoparticle is a non-radioactive tracer with comparable performance that could allow for preoperative localization, would simplify the procedure, and possibly be of value in axillary mapping before neoadjuvant treatment. The current trial aimed to determine the a priori hypothesis that the injection of super paramagnetic iron oxide nanoparticles in the preoperative period for the localization of the sentinel node is feasible."
"AB This paper conducts a structured review on the topic of energy efficiency and environmental sustainability in the supply chain management context to define research trends on the topic and identify research gaps. The review is carried out using the largest databases of peer-reviewed literature (Scopus and Web of Science). A sample of 122 papers focusing on the topic of energy-efficient and sustainable supply chain management was selected and analyzed through descriptive and content analysis. The review highlights that despite there is a growing research trend on the topic, different research gaps remain to be covered. These gaps concern the factors influencing energy efficiency and environmental sustainability initiatives, the classification of energy efficiency and environmental sustainability initiatives, the impact of energy efficiency and environmental sustainability on supply chain performance, the customer perspective in sustainable and energy-efficient supply chain, and the different technologies supporting the energy efficiency and environmental sustainability initiatives. The research gaps and the research questions identified offer the opportunity to identify areas of investigation to design future research directions and propose guidelines in the field of supply chain management."
"AB Six types of insoluble bead-shaped stable heterogeneous nanoparticle catalysts were prepared using two categories of poly(N-vinylimidazole) microbeads grafted with D(G2) and D(G3) matrices derived from 2% (LC) and 10% (HC) cross-linking monomer load, viz., divinylbenzene, followed by individual stabilization/immobilization of AuNPs/AuPdNPs. All these catalysts were characterized using FT-IR, UV-Vis, SEM, EDAX, XRD and TGA analyses. These catalysts were individually employed for the degradation of malachite green as a model reaction under pseudo first-order condition. Among the bimetallic catalysts, LC-PVIm-D(G3)-AuPdNP (36.61 x 10(-3) min(-1)) was shown to be superior; specifically, it was three times more active than the monometallic catalyst, LC-PVIm-D(G2)-AuNP (11.35 x 10(-3) min(-1)). Hence, the superior catalyst was employed for detailed kinetic studies by varying the [substrate], [NaBH4] and [catalyst], and each experimental parameter was found to influence the reaction. The recycling efficiency of this superior catalyst was studied five times, and the activity was found to remain unaltered even at the fifth cycle, and hence, the catalyst was stable and suitable to carry out the reduction reaction in the logistic mode."
"AB Light-emitting diodes (LEDs) with varying light wavelengths (blue, green, yellow, red and white) were used to study the effects of light source on the biomass and exopolysaccharide (EPS) production of Cordyceps militaris. In a solid-state culture, green and red light sources gave the best hyphal growth. Logistic rate equations were used to calculate the kinetic behavior of the biomass growth and EPS production of a submerged culture under various light sources. According to the results, a maximal biomass concentration of 17.06 g/L was obtained using red light, with a specific growth rate of 1.47 day(-1). In contrast, the highest EPS production of 2404.2 mg/L was obtained under blue light, giving a growth- and non-growth associated product formation coefficient of 17.32 mg/g and 10.83 mg/g/day, respectively. According to the model fitting, a mixed-growth-associated pattern emerged when the culture was illuminated with LEDs, which is quite different from the non-growth-associated mode under dark conditions. The extraordinarily high EPS production of C. militaris under these conditions offers a good source of polysaccharides for further academic and medical applications. (c) 2016 Published by Elsevier B.V."
"AB Purpose - The purpose of this technical viewpoint is to provide a commentary of how we went about using logistics prototyping as a method to engage citizens, science fiction (SF) writers and small-to medium-sized enterprises (SME's). Six urban logistic prototypes built on the themes of future cities, community resilience and urban supply chain management (SCM) are summarized, together with details of the data collection procedure and the methodological challenges encountered. Our investigation aimed to explore the potential of logistics prototyping to develop ""user-driven"" and ""SME"" approaches to future city design and urban supply chain decision-making."
"AB For the last two decades, the topic of sustainable supply chains has evoked considerable interest from academics and practitioners. Within this context, Resources, Conservation and Recycling (RCR) and its two predecessors (Resources and Conservation, and Conservation and Recycling) have provided a platform for the exchange of technological, economic, institutional and policy aspects to help societies transition toward sustainability. The current article analyses the published research works in the RCR literature within the context of sustainable supply chain modeling by employing a content analysis literature review technique. Using the body of available literature in RCR, the articles on sustainable supply chain are analyzed in terms of the following: (1) publication per year, (2) top-cited papers across time, (3) most productive and influential authors, institutions and countries (4) supply chain related topical themes, (5) research methodologies applied, (6) illustration types and (7) industries addressed. The analysis revealed that the call for incorporating sustainability (i.e., economic, social, and environmental pillars) into supply chain operations has increased in recent years in RCR publications. Finally, the comprehensive findings and interpretations are presented, as well as the primary current trends, future challenges, directions and opportunities."
"AB In accordance with the European Union transport policy, external costs have become a new and important factor in cargo flows formation. Shifting the freight from road to railway in order to decrease the external costs is one of the consequences of implementing such a policy. By incorporating the Port of Rijeka into the Adriatic Baltic Transport Corridor, the railway section of the Rijeka-Pivka corridor has gained first-rate significance. Considering external costs, shifting a part of cargo from the corridor section Koper-Divaca onto the Rijeka-Pivka section, and modernization the railway of the latter one, has become the common interest of Slovenia and the Republic of Croatia. The increase of cargo flows intensity on this railway route, based on the principles of green logistics, would inevitably lead to the same effects at the Koper-Pivka railway route. Such development would not jeopardize the competitiveness of the Port of Koper, on the contrary, the cargo flows through Slovenia would increase in a short-term period. This approach means a practical realization of the interests for the EU members countries on the Baltic-Adriatic corridor and efforts of the European transport policy, which takes into account the external costs as an innovative approach to the creation of the ""green corridors""."
"AB The history of the emergence and essence of a new scientific direction in chemical technology ""Chemical Process Engineering"" is briefly stated. The types of engineering at the stages of the life cycle of Chemical Process are described. A brief characteristic of scientifically grounded methods and techniques of energy and resource conservation in the Chemical Industry is given. A brief description of the principles of aided of optimal energy-resource-efficient environmentally friendly Chemical process is presented. The application of the basic concepts of of resource and energy saving logistics in the energy-efficient environmentally friendly Chemical process engineering and supply chains is described. Methods of ecological and economic optimization of Chemical Process, supply chains and gas supply systems of the chemical and petrochemical Industry are briefly described. The application of methods for optimizing reliability indicators, digitalized risk and safety management in the energy-resource-efficient Chemical Process engineering is described. The priority directions of scientific research on the of energy-resource-efficient chemical engineering and Chemical Process Engineering are described in detail, the most important of which are: methods of intensification, combination and minituarization of CTP; methods of digitalized engineering and logistics management of operation of energy-resource-efficient, environmentally safe, high-tech chemical-technological systems and CPUs of enterprises of chemical, petrochemical, biochemical, pharmaceutical and chemical-metallurgical complex; methods and methods of rational use of natural resources with a wide use of renewable natural resources, methods of combined energy-efficient and environmentally safe processing of industrial and municipal household waste and wastewater; methods of digitalized engineering of non-waste natural-like CTP and CTS and engineering of ""green"" CPUs in the real sector of the economy, etc."
"AB Involvement of a sustainable and greener approach has gained a significant attention while selecting a process for extracting phytochemicals. In this context, a study was conducted for isolation of essential oil from Cymbopogon winterianus using microwave. Possibilities including parametric optimization, comparison of yield and quality of oil, anti-microbial activity, energy and environment load and utility consumption were explored for evaluating the feasibility of the process. The maximum yield of oil (3.51%, w/w) and comparable total phenolic content (20.56 mg GAE/g DM) were attained at 15 min extraction time, 20 g solid loading, 750 mL solvent, 600 W power and rehydration period of 20 min. Linalool, citronellal, citronellol and elemol were the major components of citronella oil. A predictive model incorporating cascade forward back propagation algorithm, 8-10 neurons, logistic sigmoidal transfer function (layer 1) and linear transfer function (layer 2) has been developed using artificial neural network. Imparting microwave radiation in extraction has greatly influenced the process leading to energy efficiency, shortened carbon footprints and lowered utility consumption along-with improved yield. A reduction in operating cost makes this technique adaptable at a higher scale and proved to be a greener approach for sustainable development of extraction process."
"AB This study proposes a new multi-objective mathematical model in pharmaceutical supply chain for natural disaster response considering quality, green concepts. The proposed model includes three objective functions. The first minimizes total manufacturing costs including production costs, purchasing costs, opening manufacturing plant costs, opening distribution centers costs, transportation costs and cost of poor quality (appraisal and prevention costs). The second minimizes environmental effects of products and transportations. The third maximizes humanitarian forces. Before disaster occurrence, to efficiently predict the objective functions values, we apply the back propagation (BP)-neural network, hybrid genetic algorithm (GA)-artificial neural network and particle swarm optimization (PSO). Finally, the effectiveness of the proposed solution shows the proposed multi objective optimization technique and its feasibility to be adopted as suitable methodology. The obtained results illustrate that the BP had high performance, which its R (2) was 0.99. Managerial implications of this research focus on improving the efficiency and effectiveness of the healthcare supply chain for natural disaster response: saving time, minimizing costs, minimizing environmental impact, utilizing resources more effectively (e.g. financial, human, technical, assets, transportation), showing social responsibility for communities affected by the disaster and continuously improving healthcare supply chain management."
"AB Purpose The main objective of this paper is to integrate a typology of green supply chain management (GSCM) practices, performances, pressures and barriers with organizational performance theories. Also the aim of this paper is to investigate the present statues of GSCM amongst Indian manufacturer. Design/methodology/approach Through a systematic review, the study identified 27 GSCM practices, 16 GSCM performances, 06 GSCM pressures and 15 GSCM barriers that were organized into categories according to their theoretical conception, organizational context and characteristics. The survey and interview methods are used for data collection and analyzed by five-point Likert scale. Findings The main finding of this paper is ranking of identified GSCM practices, performances, pressures and barriers. The study identified three organizational context dimensions (innovation, performance and management) and investigated the present status of GSCM. The main contribution of the study is the alignment of each category of GSCM practices, performances, pressures and barriers and organizational dimension with the selected theoretical lenses that can help future investigations to deepen the analysis of GSCM. Besides the theoretical contributions, the authors believe this contribution can also achieve practitioners. Originality/value The authors provide a comprehensive typology of GSCM practices, performances, pressures and barriers based on empirical evidence and conceptual arguments."
"AB The global economy is significantly dependent on the Oil and Gas (O&G) sector. However, this sector has a considerably negative impact on the environment and society. A Sustainable Supply Chain Management (SSCM) system can help towards addressing some of the environmental and social issues in the sector. Recent research on SSCM in the case sector is limited, and determinants that influence the adoption/implementation of the SSCM practices and their influence on the Operational and Business Performance (OPR) have not been deeply analyzed. The present study tries to bridge this research gap by identifying and analyzing the influence of determinants of SSCM on the OPR of the case supply chain in the Indian context. This study has been carried out in two stages; in the first stage, Interpretive Structural Modeling (ISM) methodology was employed for establishing the mutual relationship between the determinants. Also, the dependency of OPR on the determinants was identified. Later, in the second stage, primary data on determinants of SSCM and their impact on OPR were collected. Then, the Structural Equation Modeling (SEM) methodology was employed for analyzing the data. The ISM approach led to the inference that one determinant namely 'Regulatory Pressure (RP)' had the highest driving power; on the other hand, results of the SEM methodology showed that one determinant namely 'Collaborative Green Logistics (Forward & Reverse) (CGLC)' had a significant influence on the OPR. These results are intended to guide the researchers and environmentalists as well as government policy-and decision-makers, and organizational managers in understanding the various determinants, their interrelationship and influence on the OPR. (c) 2018 Institution of Chemical Engineers. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
AB Background: Tuberculosis (TB) is a global public health issue posing serious harm to the human health. Many studies have suggested that smoking and excessive alcohol consumption are risk factors for TB. Laboratory evidence suggests that EGCG in tea leaves can arrest the growth of tubercle bacillus. Can drinking tea lead to decreased susceptibility of TB in humans?
AB Introduction: Non-adherence in chronic patients with cardiovascular risk represents a public health problem and it is related to an increase in morbidity and health costs.
"AB BackgroundDiffuse correlation spectroscopy (DCS) noninvasively permits continuous, quantitative, bedside measurements of cerebral blood flow (CBF). To test whether optical monitoring (OM) can detect decrements in CBF producing cerebral hypoxia, we applied the OM technique continuously to probe brain-injured patients who also had invasive brain tissue oxygen (PbO2) monitors.MethodsComatose patients with a Glasgow Coma Score (GCS) <8) were enrolled in an IRB-approved protocol after obtaining informed consent from the legally authorized representative. Patients underwent 6-8h of daily monitoring. Brain PbO2 was measured with a Clark electrode. Absolute CBF was monitored with DCS, calibrated by perfusion measurements based on intravenous indocyanine green bolus administration. Variation of optical CBF and mean arterial pressure (MAP) from baseline was measured during periods of brain hypoxia (defined as a drop in PbO2 below 19mmHg for more than 6min from baseline (PbO2>21mmHg). In a secondary analysis, we compared optical CBF and MAP during randomly selected 12-min periods of normal (>21mmHg) and low (<19mmHg) PbO2. Receiver operator characteristic (ROC) and logistic regression analysis were employed to assess the utility of optical CBF, MAP, and the two-variable combination, for discrimination of brain hypoxia from normal brain oxygen tension.ResultsSeven patients were enrolled and monitored for a total of 17days. Baseline-normalized MAP and CBF significantly decreased during brain hypoxia events (p<0.05). Through use of randomly selected, temporally sparse windows of low and high PbO2, we observed that both MAP and optical CBF discriminated between periods of brain hypoxia and normal brain oxygen tension (ROC AUC 0.761, 0.762, respectively). Further, combining these variables using logistic regression analysis markedly improved the ability to distinguish low- and high-PbO2 epochs (AUC 0.876).ConclusionsThe data suggest optical techniques may be able to provide continuous individualized CBF measurement to indicate occurrence of brain hypoxia and guide brain-directed therapy."
"AB This article analyzes the development and main functions of artificial intelligence technology and then studies its specific application in e-commerce marketing. The application of artificial intelligence technology in the e-commerce industry can effectively improve the service quality and work efficiency of the e-commerce sales link, and this article believes that the construction of urban green space is an indispensable part of every urban ecosystem in our country playing an active role in promoting urban economy and development. This article takes this issue as the main starting point and studies the structure of plant communities, the pattern of plant landscapes, and the correlation between various plant ecological factors inside and outside the plant community. In today's society, data and information are hot resources that major companies compete with each other. The use of Internet big data technology to further improve the marketing effect of enterprises can create a new network marketing management model, which is very important for giving full play to the current role and value of my country's e-commerce products, and industry Internet big data domestic e-commerce has also continued to develop rapidly. The e-commerce market has continued to expand and refine. The overall economic growth and scale driven by Internet e-commerce have steadily increased. However, the development speed of logistics is still lagging behind my country's e-commerce. And logistics is an important basic link to improve the core competitiveness of the e-commerce industry. Whether an existing logistics model that an enterprise needs to choose can be applied to a long-term development strategy has gradually become an issue that researchers and enterprises pay close attention to."
"AB The urban development of Banda Aceh, Indonesia was very rapid after the tsunami in 2004, posing critical challenges in planning for its future sustainable development. Scientifically-derived information about its land change patterns and the driving factors of its rapid urbanization might provide vital information. However, the spatio temporal patterns of its urban land use/cover (LUC) changes have not been examined. Hence, this study aims to: (1) detect and analyze the spatio temporal changes in the urban LUC of Banda Aceh between 2005 and 2009; and (2) examine the driving factors that influence urban growth. The 2005 and 2009 LUC maps were derived from remote sensing satellite images using a supervised classification method (maximum likelihood). Both LUC maps contained four categories, namely built-up area, vegetation, water body, and wet land. The 2005 LUC map had an overall accuracy of 77.8%, while the 2009 LUC map had 89.4%. The two LUC maps were re-classed into two categories (i.e. built-up area and non built-up area) to facilitate logistic regression analysis. A total of seven variables or potential driving factors of urban growth were identified and examined, including two socio-economic factors (population density and distance to central business district) and five biophysical factors (distances to green open space, historical area, river, highway, and coastal area). The results showed that the LUC of Banda Aceh has changed drastically between 2005 and 2009, particularly its built-up area, which increased by 90.8% (1016.0 ha) at the expense of the other LUC categories. The socio-economic factors showed positive influence to the growth of the city, whereas the biophysical factors showed negative effect, except the distance to coastal areas. The importance of the findings for future landscape and urban planning for Banda Aceh is discussed. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB In recent years, production and consumption activities carried out in accordance with the ""take-make-dispose"" process have caused environmental damage and resource waste. Reverse logistics based on the concept of ""sustainable development and circular economy"" has gained public attention, including the recycling and reuse of recyclable wastes. In order to explore the impact of recyclable wastes transportation on cost, environment and resources, this paper focuses on a vehicle routing problem considering electric heterogeneous fleet for a two-echelon recycling network, recycling stations and recycling centers. With the goal of minimizing the total cost, a recycling heterogeneous fleet electric vehicle routing model with time windows is established under the consideration of vehicle load constraints, vehicle type constraints on the weight of loaded recyclable wastes and customer's allowable service time constraints. For carbon emissions reduction and environment protection, vehicles used in recycling stations are designated as electric vehicles. Then, a hybrid genetic algorithm with a large-scale neighborhood search algorithmis proposed. Finally, numerical experiments are conducted on vehicle types in recycling stations, and the computational results show the use of heterogeneous fleets could reduce costs. By analyzing the relationship between customer service time and total cost, the best service time rule could be obtained in the case of customer satisfaction. Meanwhile, by analyzing the relationship between the number and the loading capacity of electric vehicles in recycling stations and total cost, the best number and the loading capacity of electric vehicles could be obtained. This heterogeneous fleet recyclables collection routing model can greatly support the construction of recycling centers and the planning of recycling tasks, and provide a basis for recycling companies to deal with the relationship between economy, environment and resources. (C) 2020 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
AB Featured Application
"AB Promoting healthier and more sustainable diets by decreasing meat consumption represents a significant challenge in the Anthropocene epoch. However, data are scarce regarding the effects of nationwide meat reduction campaigns. We described and analyzed the correlates of a national campaign in France (called ""Green Monday"", GM) promoting the weekly substitution of meat and fish by other nutrients. Two cross-sectional online surveys were compared: a National Comparison sample (NC) of the French general population and a self-selected sample of participants who registered for the Green Monday campaign. A follow-up study was carried out in the GM sample, in which participants were asked during 15 weeks whether or not they had substituted meat and fish. There were 2005 participants aged 18-95 (47.7% females) in the NC sample and 24,507 participants aged 18-95 (77.5% females) in the GM sample. One month after the beginning of the campaign, 51.2% of the respondents reported they had heard about Green Monday in the NC sample, and 10.5% indicated they had already started to apply Green Monday. Logistic regression analysis showed that compared to the NC sample, participants belonging to the GM sample displayed a higher rate of females, Odds Ratio (OR) = 4.26, 95% Confidence Interval (CI): 3.86-4.71, were more educated, OR = 1.32, 95% CI: 1.28-1.36, had higher self-rated affluence, OR = 1.50, 95% CI: 1.42-1.58 and the size of their vegetarian network was greater, OR = 1.50, 95% CI: 1.41-1.58. They reported a slightly higher frequency of meat consumption, OR = 1.05, 95% CI: 1.01-1.10, while their frequency of fish consumption was lower, OR = 0.81, 95% CI: 0.76-0.87. Finally, the personality dimension Openness was more strongly endorsed by participants in the GM sample, OR = 1.79, 95% CI: 1.65-1.93. A multiple regression analysis indicated that Openness also predicted the number of participation weeks in the GM Sample (beta = 0.03, p < 0.009). In conclusion, specific demographic and personality profiles were more responsive to the national campaign, which could inform and help to shape future actions aiming at changing food habits."
"AB Background: Poland must fulfill its obligations regarding increasing the share in the production of energy from renewable sources. By 2020, this share for Poland is to amount to a minimum of 15% of green energy consumption in final gross energy consumption. Poland has significant biomass potential that can be used for biogas production. Biogas can be produced in biogas installations installed in landfills, sewage treatment plants or agricultural biogas plants. Literature sources state that in studies of environmental effects concerning the operation of agricultural biogas plants, it is the logistics of the feedstock load that causes the greatest environmental burdens as well as that the distance to which the feedstock is transported significantly affects the growth of global warming potential. In this publication for the first time for Polish conditions will be presented the results of the analysis of logistics aspects and their impact on the ecological impact indicators of four agricultural biogas plants differing in the way the feedstock is provided."
"AB The farming-pastoral ecotone of northern China (FPENC) is a fragile ecosystem that severely suffers from the acute contradiction between population growth and limited land resources. The Chinese government emphasized that rehabilitated agriculture, such as current government-led fallow, should be developed in the FPENC. However, what kind of farmland needs to lay fallow, how to manage the fields during fallow periods, and the duration of fallow periods are unclear. Fortunately, the green-depressing cropping system (GDCS) (Yaqing in Chinese Pinyin) that has existed for approximately 300 years also as a farmland use practice to reduce farmland use intensity and to recover soil property has something in common with fallow in the field selection and field management, and can serve as the reference for specific fallow policy. Therefore, we aimed to improve our limited understanding of the GDCS and provide recommendations for future fallow policies. Given this, an approach using satellite data to map the GDCS fields was explored, and this information can be combined with a questionnaire survey to help understand the current state of the GDCS in the FPENC. Then, the factors influencing farmers' willingness to adopt the GDCS in the FPENC were evaluated using a binary logistic regression model (BLR). The results indicated that the GDCS was still a widely distributed and common land use practice in the FPENC, and approximately 3.34 % and 2.31 % of the total arable land of Shangdu experienced the GDCS in 2019 and 2018, respectively. Furthermore, farmers in the Houshan area had a higher willingness to adopt the GDCS than farmers in the Qianshan area. More specifically, passive GDCS predominated as a suboptimal choice due to severe drought, while older farmers and agro-pastoral households had a higher willingness to adopt an active GDCS. Ultimately, the GDCS plays an important role in improving soil fertility and conserving soil water, leading to an increase of at least 50 % in crop yields in the year immediately following implementation. Finally, according to the current state of the GDCS and factor analysis, we concluded that the future fallow program in FPENC should be first performed in regions with high proportions of dryland and sloping fields, a small resident population, high levels of mechanization and high farmland transfer rates. Additionally, fallow by omitting a year of cropping is enough for farmland to recover, and different fallow subsidies are required to encourage farmers to implement this practice."
"AB Purpose The purpose of this paper is to explore if e-commerce customers change their preferred last-mile delivery, when they are provided with additional information on the environmental and social sustainability impact of the available last-mile delivery options. Design/methodology/approach We conduct a stated-preference survey and apply McNemar test on the collected data. Findings The results show that displaying the environmental and social impacts of last-mile deliveries influences E-commerce customers, and generally makes them more likely to choose a more sustainable last-mile delivery. Research limitations/implications The main limitations are (1) the possible inconsistency between participants' intentions stated in the survey and their actual behaviour in real life and (2) the possibility of participants denying socially undesirable behaviours. Further research can study e-commerce customers' real behaviour. Practical implications E-retailers and logistics companies could implement transparent information sharing on the delivery sustainability impact on all three sustainability pillars. Social implications The suggested transparent information sharing has the potential to change customers' behaviours towards more sustainable deliveries. Originality/value We provide a new approach in investigating customers' preferences on last-mile deliveries, by giving E-customers the chance of making choices between different deliveries, not only based on the economic factors (as in common practice nowadays) but also based on the environmental and social factors."
"AB In the supply chain management, configuration of supply chain is the most important decision in the long term and supplier selection and order allocation are the most important decision in the medium-term that are considered separately. Considering these together can overcome the sub-optimality. This paper deals with an integrated model that has two phases. In the first phase, we present a framework for supplier selection criteria in Closed Loop Supply Chain (CLSC). In addition, we define two performance levels for each supplier based on the quantity and capability of purchasing from it to be closer to real world problem. The output of this phase is the score of each supplier in each criterion in each level. In the second phase, we propose a nonlinear multi-objective mixed integer model that determines the number and location of all facilities (strategic decision), flow in each echelon of CLSC (tactical decision) and supplier selection and order allocation (hybrid decision). The objective functions maximize profit and scores of suppliers and minimize total pollution. To solve the model, we have created a transformation based on the piecewise linearization method. The mathematical programming model illustrated by a real numerical example."
"AB Increasing food supply chain sustainability means having to deal with many conflicting aspects and involves producers, several departments in distribution companies, and consumers. The objectives of this research are to develop models to solve real-world supplier evaluation problems and validate them with real data on fresh fruits in a supermarket chain. Literature review and results from a survey with managers from purchasing, logistics, and quality departments of a food distribution company are used to establish criteria, to first model the assessment of products and, second, to model supplier evaluation. A multicriteria hybrid approach is proposed, using multi-attribute utility theory (MAUT) to assess the quality of products and Preference Ranking Organisation Method for Enrichment Evaluation (PROMETHEE) to complete their evaluation with strategic criteria to be included in the second phase. The results allow companies to rank suppliers by product and classify them according to the main criteria categories, such as product strategy, food safety, economic, logistic, commercial, green image and corporate social responsibility. A sorting approach is also applied to obtain ordered groups of suppliers. Finally, the models proposed can form the core of a decision support system in order to create and monitor the supplier base in food distribution companies, as well as to inform sustainable decision making."
"AB Logistics problems play a significant role in an emergency situation. During and after a critical circumstance (like pandemic COVID-19), it is an important task to active the opened- and closed-loop system through an efficient and resilient supply chain network. This paper considers a multi-objective multi-product multi-period two-stage sustainable opened- and closed-loop supply chain planning to maintain supply among production centers and various hospitals during COVID-19 pandemic situation. To build a less contagious network, transportation problem and pick-up-delivery vehicle routing problem are designed as two stages, respectively to carry out distribution. We allow a mixed uncertain environment by considering uncertain-random parameters in the proposed model to express ambiguity in real-life data. A multi-attribute decision making approach is suggested to determine the priorities of affected areas, according to their urgency in terms of entropy weights. Moreover, a robust optimization approach for uncertain-random parameter is developed to cope with uncertainty in different scenarios, and thereafter augmented weighted Tchebycheff method is applied to solve the model. To demonstrate the practicability of the proposed model and solving approach, three test problems with reasonable sizes are considered and results are discussed through some sensitivity analyses."
"AB An increasing number of studies have demonstrated that blue space can promote the recovery of the human body, as does green space. However, the influence of blue space on the color space has been studied much less. Based on research on color psychology and healthy cities, the current study takes Yijie District of Dujiangyan City as the research object. Logistic regression models and the semantic differential method was used to explore residents' perceptions of color space and their restorative ratings of blue space. This study describes the characteristics of the people visiting blue space, investigates whether the benefits brought about by blue space are related to the color space, and studies whether the surrounding colors in the blue space have a positive effect in promoting residents' perceptions of pleasure. Based on residents' choices of environmental pictures containing various colors, a color tendency map was constructed. The results revealed strong correlations between residents' perceived pleasure and color space color collocation. Socio-demographic factors were found to affect the frequency of visiting blue space. Reasonable color planning is necessary for human health. Based on the study findings, relevant planning suggestions are proposed as a reference basis for waterfront space color planning."
"AB yy Due to limited processing capabilities and other constraints of most wireless networks, many existing security algorithms do not consider the network efficiency. This is because most of these security solutions exhibit intolerable overhead and consider only securing scalar data, which are not suitable for other data types such as digital images, hence affecting the provided security level and network performance. Thus, in this paper, we propose a lightweight and efficient security scheme based on chaotic algorithms to efficiently encrypt digital images. Our proposed algorithm handles digital images in two phases: Firstly, digital images are split into blocks and compressed by processing them in frequency domain instead of Red-Green-Blue (RGB) domain. The ultimate goal is to reduce their sizes to speed up the encryption process and to break the correlation among image pixel values. Secondly, 2D Logistic chaotic map is deployed in key generation, permutation, and substitution stages for image pixel shuffling and transposition. In addition, 2D Henon chaotic map is deployed to change the pixel values in the diffusion stage in order to enhance the required level of security and resist various security attacks. Security performance analysis based on standard test images shows that our proposed scheme overcomes the performance of other existing techniques. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB The optimal design of a biomass supply chain is a complex problem, which must take into account multiple interrelated factors (i.e the spatial distribution of the network nodes, the efficient planning of logistics activities, etc.). Mixed Integer Linear Programming has proven to be an effective mathematical tool for the optimization of the design and the management strategy of Advanced Biofuel Supply Chains (ABSC). This work presents a MILP formulation of the economical optimization of ABSC design, comprising the definition of the associated weekly management plan. A general modeling approach is proposed with a network structure comprising two intermediate echelons (storage and conversion facilities) and accounts for train and truck freight transport. The model is declined for the case of a multi feedstock ABSC for green methanol production tested on the Italian case study. Residual biomass feedstocks considered are woodchips from primary forestry residues, grape pomace, and exhausted olive pomace. The calculated cost of methanol is equal to 418.7 & euro;/t with conversion facility cost accounting for 50% of the fuel cost share while transportation and storage costs for around 15%. When considering only woodchips the price of methanol increases to 433.4 & euro;/t outlining the advantages of multi-feedstock approach."
"AB Mangrove forests are acting as a green lung for the coastal cities of the United Arab Emirates, providing a habitat for wildlife, storing blue carbon in sediment and protecting shoreline. Thus, the first step toward conservation and a better understanding of the ecological setting of mangroves is mapping and monitoring mangrove extent over multiple spatial scales. This study aims to develop a novel low-cost remote sensing approach for spatiotemporal mapping and monitoring mangrove forest extent in the northern part of the United Arab Emirates. The approach was developed based on random forest (RF), Kernel logistic regression (KLR), and Naive Bayes Tree machine learning algorithms which use multitemporal Landsat images. Our results of accuracy metrics include accuracy, precision, and recall, F1 score revealed that RF outperformed the KLR and NB with an F1 score of more than 0.90. Each pair of produced mangrove maps (1990-2000, 2000-2010, 2010-2019, and 1990-2019) was used to image difference algorithm to monitor mangrove extent by applying a threshold ranges from +1 to -1. Our results are of great importance to the ecological and research community. The new maps presented in this study will be a good reference and a useful source for the coastal management organization."
"AB In recent decades, reverse logistics has garnered considerable attention since it recovers value of returning products, satisfies environmental requirements, and pays attention to customers' rights. Suppliers, as the first layer of the supply chain network, pose a great impact on environmental pollution. Therefore, in this paper a hybrid approach of fuzzy analysis network process (FANP), fuzzy decision-making trial and evaluation laboratory (FDEMATEL), and multi-objective mixed-integer linear programming (MOMILP) models are developed for circular supplier selection and order allocation in a multiproduct circular closed-loop supply chain (C-CLSC) considering multi-depot, capacitated green routing problem using heterogeneous vehicles. In this regard, a mathematical model concerning an inventory-location-routing problem is developed that minimises cost and shortage simultaneously and also deals with imposed uncertainties. A fuzzy solution approach is proposed to simultaneously incorporate uncertainty and to change the multi-objective model into a single-objective model. To motivate the practical aspect of the proposed model in real world applications, we applied the model to an automotive timing belt manufacturer. The obtained results indicate that the proposed model is cost efficient and environmentally friendly for CLSC network designs. (c) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB There has been an extensive tradition of geographical studies7 conducted to analyse the access to urban parks or green spaces. Several studies deploy approaches to measure the potential spatial accessibility and congestion of children's playgrounds in urban areas. Identifying inequalities in terms of spatial access to children's playgrounds is an important issue that could be useful for urban planners. The main objective of this paper is to measure the potential spatial accessibility and congestion of playgrounds in Barcelona City. A second objective is to analyse the factors that may explain differences between neighbourhoods in spatial access to playgrounds. Several analyses were carried out. First, two indicators of spatial potential accessibility are computed at the census tract level. Next, a mapping technique is used based on a cross tabulation of the quintiles of two indicators. A typology of census tracts can then be developed according to the various possible combinations between playground accessibility and congestion. Third, two spatial models-spatial lag and spatial error-are estimated in order to introduce socioeconomic factors into the explanation of accessibility and congestion. Finally, a multinomial logistic model is estimated to explain the typology of Barcelona census tracts based on potential playground congestion and accessibility. The results show that in Barcelona City, there are no important spatial disparities in terms of access to children's playgrounds."
"AB Sustainable supply chain management (SSCM) has been attracting extensive attention from both practitioners and scholars. The main objective of this paper is to visualize and conduct a systematic scientometric review on 9151 articles and reviews published from 2007 to 2021. Research techniques of co-author analysis, co-word analysis, and co-citation analysis are applied to reveal the social structure, conceptual structure, and intellectual structure of the SSCM field, identify main concepts and research hotspots, and illuminate major specialties and emerging trends. The results of this work show that: (1) the top five most productive scholars are Joseph Sarkis, Kannan Govindan, Minglang Tseng, Angappa Gunasekaran, and Charbel Jose Chiappetta Jabbour. The top five most productive institutions are Hong Kong Polytech University, Islamic Azad University, University of Southern Denmark, Dalian University of Technology, and University of Tehran. (2) The main concepts include sustainable supply chain management, green supply chain management, circular economy, corporate social responsibility, and reverse logistics. The research hotspots of the SSCM field, currently, are game theory and circular economy related topics. (3) The leading researchers and influential journals are also identified. The emerging trends include sustainable supplier selection, circular economy, cap-and-trade regulation, blockchain technology, big data analytics, the COVID-19 pandemic, and the best-worst method and logistics performance. Finally, limitations and future researches are discussed. We expect this paper will show a big picture of the SSCM field for researchers as well as practitioners."
"AB Express delivery services, as an indispensable part of our daily life, have grown rapidly because of the booming e-commerce and logistics industries. Accordingly, there is increasing concern about the environmental load from delivering letters and parcels, such as road freight transportation emissions and packaging waste, which have not been seriously considered in previous work. In this study, a spatially based dynamic model has been created to quantify the impacts (measured in carbon emissions, CO(2)eq.) from the express delivery sector in China. Specifically, intracity (urban) express delivery services-delivery and pick-up services located within the same city-was chosen for analysis. The results indicated that the carbon emissions from the transportation phase of the express delivery sector in Chinese cities varied from 20 t to 4000 tin 2017, of which 18% was attributable to the weight of extra packaging materials. Carbon emission intensities for all cities showed a close relationship with their socioeconomic status. For example, the spatial pattern of intracity express delivery volumes and associated carbon emissions showed a significant clustering property: high-value cities were clustered in eastern China and low-value cities in western China. Furthermore, the carbon hotspots were mainly located in the Yangtze River Delta and Pearl River Delta urban agglomerations. Overall, our research method and preliminary findings could be helpful for the green development of the booming express delivery sector in China and beyond."
"AB Eco-friendliness was suggested as a consistent key performance indicator in Industry 4.0. In addition to recommendations on technology support for ecology, Industry 4.0 also suggested decentralization and self-regulation coordination mechanisms. In this paper, a coordination mechanism was examined by focusing on the freshness-keeping effort of third-party logistics service providers (TPLSPs) in a three-echelon cold supply chain. Optimal decisions concerning a carbon trading mechanism were examined based on a comparison of two decision systems: a decentralized system and a centralized system. An incentive scheme was proposed to motivate all three parties in a decentralized system to adopt the coordinated mechanism with self-regulation. The results of numerous experiments show that although an increased eco-friendliness effort would reduce market demand, total carbon emissions, and the supplier's profit, a reasonable revenue-and-cost-sharing contract can improve sales volume and balance the supply chain members' profit. With a coordination model, all members in the supply chain can benefit from Pareto improvement. Other proposals were also examined in the scheme. The results can be implemented into decision making on cold and green supply chain and proved a tool to realize Industry 4.0 from the viewpoint of smart logistics."
"AB Exposure to natural outdoor environments (NOE) has been shown in population-level studies to reduce anxiety and psychological distress. This study investigated how exposure to one's everyday natural outdoor environments over one week influenced mood among residents of four European cities including Barcelona (Spain), Stoke-on-Trent (United Kingdom), Doetinchem (The Netherlands) and Kaunas (Lithuania). Participants (n = 368) wore a smartphone equipped with software applications to track location and mood (using mobile ecological momentary assessment (EMA) software), for seven consecutive days. We estimated random-effects ordered logistic regression models to examine the association between mood (positive and negative affect), and exposure to green space, represented by two binary variables indicating exposure versus no exposure to NOE using GPS tracking and satellite and aerial imagery, 10 and 30 min prior to participants' completing the EMA. Models were adjusted for home city, day of the week, hour of the day, EMA survey type, residential NOE exposure, and sex, age, education level, mental health status and neighbourhood socioeconomic status. In addition, we tested for heterogeneity of effect by city, sex, age, residential NOE exposure and mental health status. Within 10 min of NOE exposure, compared to non-exposure, we found that overall there was a positive relationship with positive affect (OR: 1.39, 95% CI: 1.06, 1.81) of EMA surveys, and non-significant negative association with negative affect (OR: 0.80, 95% CI: 0.58, 1.10). When stratifying, associations were consistently found for Stoke-on-Trent inhabitants and men, while findings by age group were inconsistent. Weaker and less consistent associations were found for exposure 30 min prior to EMA. Our findings support increasing evidence of psychological and mental health benefits of exposure to natural outdoor environments, especially among urban populations such as those included in our study."
"AB This study proposes a fuzzy-based VIKOR (VIseKriterijumska Optimizacija I Kompromisno Resenje) framework for evaluating barriers to implementing green supply chain management (GSCM) in the context of an emerging economy. The methodology uses a mix method approach combining literature review and opinions of some selected managers from the plastic industry of Bangladesh to identify four main-barriers and twenty-five sub-barriers relevant to GSCM implementation. Fuzzy-VIKOR approach was applied to aid in the analysis of the barriers in the plastic industry of Bangladesh. The findings of the study show the order/rank of intensity and severity of the main-barriers to implementing GSCM practices in the plastic industry of Bangladesh as follows: ?inadequate knowledge and support?, ?insufficient technology and infrastructure?, ?financial constraints and unsupportive organizational? and ?operational policies?. The results also show the rankings of the sub-barriers under each main barriers. This research contributes to the literature in a number of ways. First, it identifies multi-levels of barriers to GSCM implementation. Secondly, it identifies and proposes alternative action plans (strategies) to help mitigate and implement GSCM practices. Though this study has significant contributions, a number of limitations do exist. The barriers in this study were identified using the extant literature review and industrial managers? opinions. A more scientific approach and empirical validation is required, especially in the plastic manufacturing industry of Bangladesh to identify more new challenging barriers. However, this study can provide managers with a better understanding of the barriers to implementing GSCM practices and motivate the researchers to further extend the investigation on the insights for developing strategic plans for implementing GSCM practices in the plastic industry of Bangladesh."
AB BackgroundLymphaticovenular anastomosis (LVA) has become one of the useful surgical treatments for compression-refractory lower extremity lymphedema (LEL). It is important to anastomose larger lymphatic vessels with abundant lymph flows in LVA surgery. This study aimed to clarify factors associated with lymphatic vessel diameter.
AB Purpose: The aim of the present study was to determine the value of the indocyanine green (ICG) clearance test in the preoperative assessment of chemotherapy-related hepatic injury in patients with liver metastasis from colorectal cancer.
"AB Objective: This study evaluated customer attitudes, perceptions, and utilisation of a traffic light food labelling (TFL) programme before and after the TFL was implemented in a worksite canteen in Taiwan."
"AB The general objective of this article is to analyze to what extent the implementation of the Great Green Wall project is likely to disrupt migratory movements towards the rural environment and, consequently, the socioeconomic structures and health status of local populations. This study was carried out in 2015 on a population sample of 500 individuals living in the municipality of Tessekere, constructed using the quota method. Socioeconomic and demographic characteristics, migratory status and self-rated health of individuals were collected during face-to-face interviews. Statistical analyses used were Chi-square tests, student and binary logistic regressions. Results show that internal migrants in the municipality of Tessekere represent 13.40% of the study population. Migrants more often work as civil servants, artisans, craft workers or traders than the region's native population, who are generally livestock breeders or jobless. While place of birth does not play a significant role, it appears that the length of residence of migrants in rural areas influences health status: migrants residing in the municipality of Tessekere for less than 10 years are less likely to report poor health, regardless of their sex, age, occupation, material well-being and perceived stress. In conclusion, an environmental requirement (combating desertification), addressed by an international political project-the Great Green Wall-and then applied at the national level, has transformed the demographic, economic and health structure of a local population. In conclusion, our study showed that (1) an examination of migration can offer a means of interpreting the impact of development projects and the local changes they entail, and (2) migration is a unique prism through which one can study how exposure to a new physical and social environment influences the health of populations."
AB Introduction
"AB There is increasing evidence that green space can improve the health and well-being of urban residents. However, there has been no consistent evidence of the effect of city parks on reproductive health. We investigated whether surrounding greenness levels and/or distance to city parks affect birth outcomes. This study was based on 3292 singleton live-births from the Kaunas birth cohort, Lithuania (2007-2009), who were enrolled in the FP7 PHENOTYPE project study. Residential surrounding greenness level was ascertained as average of satellite-based normalized difference vegetation index (NDVI) within buffers of 100 m, 300 m, and 500 m of each maternal home and distance to a city park was defined as distance to boundaries of the nearest city park. For each indicator of green space exposure, linear or logistic regression models were constructed to estimate change in birth outcomes adjusted for relevant covariates. An increase in distance to a city parks was associated with an increase in risk of preterm birth and decrease of gestational age. We found a statistically significant association between low surrounding greenness and term low birth weight. After assessing effect modification based on the low surrounding greenness (NDVI-500 < median) and the distance to city parks (>1000 m), we found increased risks for low birth weight (OR 2.23, 1.20-4.15), term low birth weight (OR 2.97, 1.04-8.45) and preterm birth (OR 1.77, 1.10-2.81) for subjects with low surrounding greenness and farther distance from a park. Both higher surrounding greenness level and proximity to park have beneficial effects on pregnancy outcomes. A beneficial park effect on foetal growth is most apparent in the environment with low surrounding greenness level. Further investigation is needed to confirm this association. (C) 2015 The Authors. Published by Elsevier GmbH. This is an open access article under the CC BY-NC-ND license"
"AB Background: Healthy diet and physical activity (PA) have been associated with reduced depressive symptoms, but few studies have examined them simultaneously in African Americans."
"AB Safe food is healthy, nutritious and environmentally friendly by green, sustainable and clean production. The objectives of this study were to examine factors influencing the consumers' purchase intention and willingness to pay a premium price for safe vegetables. To achieve the objectives, this paper developed the model of consumers' purchase safe vegetables. Based on 840 valid questionnaires from Beijing of China, the model was confirmed by the logistic regression method. The results showed that food safety, strict production and processing, and healthy environment were the top three perceived advantages of safe vegetables for consumers. In addition, 93.0% and 87.1% of consumers were familiar with organic vegetables and green vegetables, respectively. Two-thirds of consumers identified safe vegetables via certification labels on vegetable packages. Furthermore, 67.6% of consumers were willing to buy safe vegetables and 65.8% would pay a premium price for safe vegetables. Meanwhile, consumers' purchase intentions for safe vegetables were positively affected by family food expenditure, children, familiarity, differential cognition, safety awareness, nutritional health, packaging, label trust, and online shopping experience but price level, safety status, and freshness had a negative effect. Consumers' willingness to pay a premium price for safe vegetables was positively affected by family income, familiarity, differential cognition, safety awareness, nutritional health, packaging, label trust, and online shopping experience but family food expenditure, price level, price fluctuations, and safety status had a negative effect. The findings of this study have important implications to improve the consumption and guide cleaner production of safe vegetables. The findings obtained can also provide references for other similar studies in other areas. (C) 2018 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Purpose - The concept of green supply chain management (GSCM) is evolving rapidly due to the environmental concerns and gaining popularity in the research community. This study critically analyze the literature of GSCM pressure, practice and performance for manufacturing enterprises based on the results of bibliometric, network and frequency analyses."
"AB The Protecting Access to Medicare Act (PAMA) mandates clinical decision support mechanism (CDSM) consultation for all advanced imaging. There are a growing number of studies examining the association of CDSM use with imaging appropriateness, but a paucity of multicenter data. This observational study evaluates the association between changes in advanced imaging appropriateness scores with increasing provider exposure to CDSM. Each provider's first 200 consecutive anonymized requisitions for advanced imaging (CT, MRI, ultrasound, nuclear medicine) using a single CDSM (CareSelect, Change Healthcare) between January 1, 2017 and December 31, 2019 were collected from 288 US institutions. Changes in imaging requisition proportions among four appropriateness categories (""usually appropriate"" [green], ""may be appropriate"" [yellow], ""usually not appropriate"" [red], and unmapped [gray]) were evaluated in relation to the chronological order of the requisition for each provider and total provider exposure to CDSM using logistic regression fits and Wald tests. The number of providers and requisitions included was 244,158 and 7,345,437, respectively. For 10,123 providers with >= 200 requisitions (2,024,600 total requisitions), the fraction of green, yellow, and red requisitions among the last 10 requisitions changed by +3.0% (95% confidence interval +2.6% to +3.4%), -0.8% (95% CI -0.5% to -1.1%), and -3.0% (95% CI 3.3% to -2.7%) in comparison with the first 10, respectively. Providers with > 190 requisitions had 8.5% (95% CI 6.3% to 10.7%) more green requisitions, 2.3% (0.7% to 3.9%) fewer yellow requisitions, and 0.5% (95% CI -1.0% to 2.0%) fewer red (not statistically significant) requisitions relative to providers with <= 10 requisitions. Increasing provider exposure to CDSM is associated with improved appropriateness scores for advanced imaging requisitions."
"AB Global climate change is expected to have major impacts on biodiversity. Sea turtles have temperature-dependent sex determination, and many populations produce highly female-biased offspring sex ratios, a skew likely to increase further with global warming. We estimated the primary sex ratio at one of the world's largest green turtle Chelonia mydas rookeries in Guinea-Bissau, West Africa, and explored its resilience to climate change. In 2013 and 2014, we deployed data loggers recording nest (n = 101) and sand (n = 30) temperatures, and identified hatchling sex by histological examination of gonads. A logistic curve was fitted to the data to allow predictions of sex ratio across habitats and through the nesting season. The population-specific pivotal temperature was 29.4 degrees C, with both sexes produced within incubation temperatures from 27.6 to 31.4 degrees C: the transitional range of temperatures (TRT). Primary sex ratio changed from male-to female-biased across relatively small temporal and spatial scales. Overall it was marginally female-biased, but we estimated an exceptionally high male hatchling production of 47.7% (95% CI: 36.7-58.3%) and 44.5% (95% CI: 33.8-55.4%) in 2013 and 2014, respectively. Both the temporal and spatial variation in incubation conditions and the wide range of the TRT suggest resilience and potential for adaptation to climate change if the present nesting habitat remains unchanged. These findings underline the importance of assessing site-specific parameters to understand populations' responses to climate change, particularly with regard to identifying rookeries with high male hatchling production that may be key for the future conservation of sea turtles under projected global warming scenarios."
"AB Discomfort glare is common problem in modem buildings that employ highly-glazed facades. Glare not only has negative impacts on occupant comfort but can also increase energy use in buildings. Yet a robust discomfort glare metric, particularly with regards to daylight, has proven elusive. The Unified Glare Probability (UGP), developed using 493 surveys under clear skies in Brisbane, Australia, shows promise as useful tool for estimating glare from windows. This investigation attempts to validate the UGP using a similarly large number of surveys under different sky conditions, different building types and demographics in the tropical climate of Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia."
"AB In general, car manufacturers face trade-offs between safety, efficiency and environmental performance when choosing between mass, length, engine power, and fuel efficiency. Moreover, the information available to the consumers makes difficult to assess all these components at once, especially when aiming to compare vehicles across different categories and/or to compare vehicles in the same category but across different model years. The main objective of this research was to develop an integrated tool able to assess vehicle's performance simultaneously for safety and environmental domains, leading to the research output of a Safety, Fuel Efficiency and Green Emissions (SEG) indicator able to evaluate and rank vehicle's performance across those three domains. For this purpose, crash data was gathered in Porto (Portugal) for the period 2006-2010 (N = 1374). The crash database was analyzed and crash severity prediction models were developed using advanced logistic regression models. Following, the methodology for the SEG indicator was established combining the vehicle's safety and the environmental evaluation into an integrated analysis. The obtained results for the SEG indicator do not show any trade-off between vehicle's safety, fuel consumption and emissions. The best performance was achieved for newer gasoline passenger vehicles (<5year) with a smaller engine size (<1400 cm(3)). According to the SEG indicator, a vehicle with these characteristics can be recommended for a safety-conscious profile user, as well as for a user more interested in fuel economy and/or in green performance. On the other hand, for larger engine size vehicles (>2000 cm(3)) the combined score for safety user profile was in average more satisfactory than for vehicles in the smaller engine size group (<1400 cm(3)), which suggests that in general, larger vehicles may offer extra protection. The achieved results demonstrate that the developed SEG integrated methodology can be a helpful tool for consumers to evaluate their vehicle selection through different domains (safety, fuel efficiency and green emissions). Furthermore, SEG indicator allows the comparison of vehicles across different categories and vehicle model years. Hence, this research is intended to support the decision-making process for transportation policy, safety and sustainable mobility, providing insights not only to policy makers, but also for general public guidance. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB The accurate identification of wildlife is necessary for biological research and population monitoring. In sea turtles, artificial tags have commonly been used for individual identification, but tagging has low long-term reliability because of inherent problems such as tag loss and the stress caused by invasive tagging. Photographic identification (Photo-ID) has been increasingly used as an alternative to tagging. Mostly, facial scute patterns have been used as Photo-ID means for sea turtles; however, for Photo-ID of turtles on nesting beaches, there is a risk of disturbing individuals when attempting to access the head region and capture the entire face. Thus, here, we focused on the posterior part of the carapace (fifth vertebral scute), which can be photographed more easily and less invasively, as a useful natural marker for the identification of nesting green turtles (Chelonia mydas). To establish the utility of the carapace for individual identification, we used photographs (167 images from 77 individuals) collected in a nesting survey conducted over 28 years at Ishigaki Island, Japan, and verified the long-term identifiability of carapace. We initially matched individual turtle images with the HotSpotter program to assess the automated recognition of images, and then conducted a blind test to visually validate the results of automated recognition. High matching accuracy was achieved, especially within the same nesting season (98.1%; 52 out of 53 queries), and logistic regression indicated that the matching accuracy was over 70% when the photographing interval was <= 4 years, which is longer than the mean remigration interval for nesting green turtles on Ishigaki Island. In the blind test of visual identification, 95.4% of the image pairs were correctly judged (as those of the same individual or different individuals). These results show that a query image can be successfully identified in the database even if automated matching to the same individual fails or if the query is taken from a newly recruited individual. This study shows the long-term identifiability of nesting green turtles using carapace photographs and proposes a practical Photo-ID method that is conducive to citizen science."
"AB Introduction: The COVID-19 pandemic has required significant restructuring of healthcare with conservation of resources and maintaining social distancing standards. With these new initiatives, it is conceivable that the diagnosis of cancer care may be delayed. We aimed to evaluate differences in patient populations being evaluated for cancer before and during the COVID-19 pandemic."
AB Background Children's low vegetable consumption requires effective strategies to enhance preference for and intake of vegetables.
"AB Urban tree cover can provide several ecological and public health benefits. Secondary datasets for Tampa, FL, including sociodemographic variables (e.g., race/ethnicity), health data, and interpolated values for features of tree cover (e.g., percent canopy and leaf area index) were analyzed using correlation and regression. Percent canopy cover and leaf area index were inversely correlated to respiratory and cardiovascular outcomes, yet only leaf area index displayed a significant association with respiratory conditions in the logistic regression model. Percent racial/ethnic minority residents at the block group level was significantly negatively correlated with median income and tree density. Leaf area index was also significantly lower in block groups with more African-American residents. The percentage of African Americans (p = 0.101) and Hispanics (p < 0.001) were positively associated with respiratory outcomes while population density (p < 0.001), percent canopy (p < 0.01), and leaf area index (p < 0.01) were negatively associated. In multivariate models, higher tree density, leaf area index, and median income were significantly negatively associated with respiratory cases. Block groups with a higher proportion of African Americans had a higher odds of displaying respiratory admissions above the median rate. Tree density and median income were also negatively associated with cardiovascular cases. Home ownership and tree condition were significantly positively associated with cardiovascular cases."
"AB This study explores how an individual's reported waste-related behaviors are affected by environmental attitudes and perceived effectiveness when facing a descriptive norm conflict (i.e., when the individual is the only person behaving pro-environmentally). The influence of the sociodemographic characteristics of gender, age, and education level is also examined. The reported behaviors relate to the 3Rs of waste management: reducing (buying minimally packaged products), reusing (buying products with reusable packaging), and recycling behaviors (separating glass, plastic, and paper). Based on a nationally representative sample of Spanish residents aged over 17 years (n = 2487), this study uses logistic regression analysis to assess the relationships between variables. The results show a positive relationship between environmental attitudes and the five reported waste-related behaviors. There is also a positive association between perceived effectiveness of one's own behavior (when nobody else acts pro-environmentally) and the five waste-related behaviors. Regarding sociodemographic characteristics, the results suggest that women, older individuals, and highly educated people engage more in these 3R behaviors. Building on these findings, policy and managerial implications are provided. For example, campaigns to promote environmental attitudes and the effectiveness of pro-environmental behaviors could focus on reducing and reusing behaviors, which entail the purchase of green products. Finally, some directions for future research are discussed. (C) 2020 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB With the increase of global warming, grain producers should consider emission reduction in their production activities to move towards sustainable development. Besides the challenges of environmental sustainability, grain producers in developing countries face budget constraints for promoting their sustainability level. Moreover, sustainability strategies made by grain producers are not stable and are continually changing over time. This study proposes an evolutionary game model to investigate the evolutionary behaviours of a population of financially constrained producers in Iran who gain financial support from one dominant distributor based on their sustainability investment in the long term. This study develops a one-population evolutionary game model to investigate different strategies of producers towards sustainability, considering the time value of money. Moreover, using SimaPro 8.0.3 software, the impacts of non-renewable and renewable electricity consumption on global warming potential are evaluated through life cycle assessment for grain production. Results reveal that using biomass as the source of electricity instead of natural gas in the grain production reduces contribution to global warming potential from 269 kg CO2-eq to 18 kg CO2-eq. This study provides stakeholders who have environmental and social concerns (i.e. grain producers and agricultural production management entities) with insights into keeping their supply chain sustainable."
"AB This research investigated the congruence between the ideologies of political parties and the ideological preferences (N = 1515), moral intuitions (N = 1048), and political values and worldviews (N = 1345) of diverse samples of Swedish adults who voted or intended to vote for the parties. Logistic regression analyses yielded support for a series of hypotheses about variations in ideology beyond the left-right division. With respect to social ideology, resistance to change and binding moral intuitions predicted stronger preference for a social democratic (vs. progressive) party on the left and weaker preference for a social liberal (vs. social conservative or liberal-conservative) party on the right. With respect to political values and broader worldviews, normativism and low acceptance of immigrants predicted the strongest preference for a nationalist party, while environmentalism predicted the strongest preference for a green party. The effects were generally strong and robust when we controlled for left-right self-placements, economic ideology, and demographic characteristics. These results show that personality variation in the ideological domain is not reducible to the simplistic contrast between 'liberals' and 'conservatives', which ignores differences between progressive and non-progressive leftists, economic and green progressives, social liberal and conservative rightists, and nationalist and non-nationalist conservatives. (c) 2020 The Authors. European Journal of Personality published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd on behalf of European Association of Personality Psychology"
"AB Seismic field logistics, particularly recording geometry and duration, can be made significantly more efficient in ambient-noise interferometry if strategies for ensuring timely convergence of Empirical Green's Functions (EGFs) can be devised. Quantitative measures of each cross-correlation panel's constructive contribution to the final result are needed to ensure the best result with the shortest recording duration. We investigate the utility of a variety of seismic data features to improve the convergence of EGFs in ambient-noise interferometry with a dataset acquired at the San Emidio Geothermal Field, Nevada. We identify two features, ""rms energy"" and ""kurtosis"", that succeed in distinguishing cross-correlation panels that contribute to EGF convergence from those that degrade the stacked result. Using either of these features allows us to selectively stack data and enhance signal quality at greater offsets and recover weaker arrivals than is possible by stacking all available data. The data used in this study were acquired in May 2019 by a 144-element array of 4.5 Hz geophones recorded by Reftek 130 digitizers in a configuration that was augmented by embedded processors to perform real-time, infield processing. Such capabilities, coupled with selective stacking strategies, may help minimize the time, cost, and effort required to determine the best possible EGFs."
AB Purpose
"AB This paper introduces the Green Location-Routing Problem (GLRP), a combination of the classical Location-Routing Problem (LRP) and the Pollution-Routing Problem (PRP). The GLRP consists of (i) locating depots on a subset of a discrete set of points, from where vehicles of limited capacity will be dispatched to serve a number of customers with service requirements, (ii) routing the vehicles by determining the order of customers served by each vehicle and (iii) setting the speed on each leg of the journey such that customers are served within their respective time windows. The objective of the GLRP is to minimize a cost function comprising the fixed cost of operating depots, as well as the costs of the fuel and CO2 emissions. The amount of fuel consumption and emissions is measured by a widely used comprehensive modal emission model. The paper presents a mixed integer programming formulation and a set of preprocessing rules and valid inequalities to strengthen the formulation. Two solution approaches; an integer programming based algorithm and an iterated local search algorithm are also presented. Computational analyses are carried out using adaptations of literature instances to the GLRP in order to analyze the effects of a number parameters on location and routing decisions in terms of cost, fuel consumption and emission. The performance of the heuristic algorithms are also evaluated. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Green spaces are recognized for improving mental health, but what particular kind of nature is required is yet not elucidated. This study explores the effect of specific types of recreational nature qualities on mental health. Longitudinal data (1999/2000 and 2005) from a public health survey was distributed to a stratified sample (n = 24,945) of a Swedish population. People from rural or suburban areas (n = 9230) who had moved between baseline and follow-up (n = 1419) were studied. Individual geographic residence codes were linked to five predefined nature qualities, classified in geographic information systems (GIS). Any change in the amount of or type of qualities within 300 m distance between baseline and follow-up was correlated to any change in mental health (as measured by the General Health Questionnaire) by logistic regression models. On average, the population had limited access to nature qualities both pre- and post-move. There was no significant correlation between change in the amount of qualities and change in mental health. However, the specific quality serene was a significant determinant with a significantly decreased risk for women of change to mental ill-health at follow-up. The objective definition of the potentially health-promoting quality may facilitate implication in landscape practice and healthy planning."
"AB A self-management approach and committee were established in Taichung Port to facilitate the control of the total quantity of greenhouse gas (GHG) and air pollutant emissions from various sources in the port district. This self-management approach was the first approved case by the Environmental Protection Bureau of Taichung City. The district has a land area of 37.93 km(2) and a sea area of 2035.75 km(2), and it is divided into various zones, namely heavy industry, export processing, and harbor zones according to the difference of based on differences in land use. The approach includes an inventory and actions to reduce carbon levels and air pollutants. The year 2014 was defined as the base year of emissions; however, some of the emission benchmark values were changed in 2015 or 2016 because more accurate inventory results became available during those years. A self-management committee comprising a general manager, departmental directors, and experts/scholars was formed in 2015. In the self-management approach, nine main reduction strategies and three actions to offset GHG and air pollutants were continually enforced. The results demonstrate that the environmental protection to facilitate the development of a green port is workable. Following the successful experience of Taichung Port, the self-management method was adopted in other industries and areas in Taichung City, a special municipality."
"AB The industrial revolution has grown to the fourth generation, or so-called Industry 4.0. The literature on Industry 4.0 is quite extensive and involves many different dimensions; however, production costs under Industry 4.0 have seldom been discussed. On the other hand, environmental problems are increasingly serious nowadays. Activity-Based Costing is a mature accounting method that can easily trace direct and indirect product costs, based on activities, as well as trace the carbon tax to products, which may lead to different product combinations, in order to reduce environment problems. Thus, the purpose of this paper is to propose a green activity-based costing production planning model under Industry 4.0. In order to make the paper more realistic, we suggest three models with five possible scenarios: normal and material cost fluctuation, material cost discount, and carbon tax with the related cost function. The Aluminum-Alloy Wheel industry was chosen as the illustrative industry to present the results. The model provides managers with a way to deal with the cost problem under Industry 4.0 and to be able to handle the environmental issues in making production decisions. This paper also provides suggestions for governments that have not considered carbon taxation."
"AB Lemon 'Baladi' is often harvested at different color stages (HFCS) for logistic support to market and customers. So, the evaluation of lemon fruit was harvested at three color stages (Green, G; Yellow-green, YG; Yellow, Ystage) to determine an effect on enzymatic antioxidant activities (AEAs) and chilling injury (CI). Lemon fruits were stored at low temperature (4 +/- 1 degrees C and relative humidity 95 +/- 2%) for 60-days. The outcomes of this study provide that the G-stage fruits presented more resistance to low storage temperature stress for the long term, therefore less CI-symptoms incidence compared to other maturities (YG and Y-stage). Throughout cold storage, fruits were estimated the physical and chemical analyses every 15-days intervals. The G-stage promoted the highest activation in antioxidant enzyme activities. Consequently, the scavengers of radicals such as DPPH and ABTs test presented more quenching radicals. So, less CI symptoms incidence during 60 days of cold storage. Also, less malondialdehyde and ion leakage percentage related to other fruit color stages. These were significant impacts on CI and fruit color hue angle during storage.The G-stage revealed to be a good stage of lemon to store at low temperature due to it is tolerant to chilled temperature for long term."
"AB Increased concern about global warming in today's world has led to the legislation of regulations that seek to gradually reduce the amount of greenhouse gases emitted by industrial sectors and along their supply chains. This study focuses on the amount of carbon emitted in a two-echelon supply chain in which one supplier delivers a single product to a group of retailers and attempts are made to integrate and coordinate its different members. A mixed integer programming model is thus developed in which the problems of timing and the amount of replenishment for each retailer, the types of vehicles used for transportation as well as the amount of products that must be carried by each type of vehicle are addressed with the aim of reducing the overall cost of the supply chain and its carbon footprints. The objective of this research is to minimize the costs of transportation and those engendered by material handling and inventory holding activities as well as to reduce carbon emissions throughout the supply chain. In order to carry out various scenario analyses, some numerical instances are provided and solved. According to the results obtained, the supplier will opt for lower carbon vehicle types if replenishment timing, distances between members of the supply chain, the rate of carbon tax or the amount of retailers increases."
"AB People's actions are always accompanied with multiple motives. How to estimate the role of the pro-environment motivation under the interference of other motivations will help us to better interpret human environmental behaviors. On the basis of classical motivation theories and travel mode choice research backgrounds, the concepts of pro-environmental and self-interested motivation were defined. Then based on survey data on 1244 urban residents in the Jiangsu Province in China, the multinomial logistic regression model was constructed to examine the effects of multiple motivations, government measures, and demographic characteristics on residents' travel mode choice behaviors. The result indicates that compared to car use, pro-environmental motivation certainly has a significant and positive role in promoting green travel mode choices (walking, bicycling, and using public transport), but this unstable green behavior is always dominated by self-interested motivations rather than the pro-environmental motivation. In addition, the effects of gender, age, income, vehicle ownership, travel distance, and government instruments show significant differences among travel mode choices. The findings suggest that pro-environmental motivation needs to be stressed and highlighted to ensure sustainable urban transportation. However, policies aimed to only increase the public awareness of environment protection are not enough; tailored policy interventions should be targeted to specific groups having different main motivations."
"AB Canopy nitrogen (N) status relates strongly to canopy chlorophyll content and the strength of green color. Proximal photograph by RGB camera was used to select green features that has the potential to assess N content at leaf of plant as a function of its the greenness. We proposed the development of it as a tool for sensing nitrogen content in spring wheat (Triticum aestivum). Image processing algorithm was programed calibrated and validated wheat %N%N. Nitrogen uptake =%N x canopy dry matter was harvested and calculated using simulated dry matter by DSSAT model. The data replicated laboratory measurements. A linear Lab vs Camera model displayed a unit slope with r(2) = 0.93. Increase of dry matter was successfully surrogated by days after emergence and used as abscissa for inverse logistic model of critical nitrogen level. It decreased gradually from about 6% to 2% as days after emergence increased from 0 to 110 days. Maximum N uptake calculated from photo and laboratory was 324 Kg ha(-1) and 318 Kg ha(-1) respectively suggesting insignificant difference. Physiological N-use efficiency (i.e., canopy weight/N weight) was 52 and 78 kg canopy dry weight per 1 kg N for early and late-ripening cultivars, respectively. The determination of N application based on the smartphone photograph proved to be useful by saving on time and expenses for growers who have access to smartphones and can use them for N application and management."
"AB Increased use of graphene materials might ultimately lead to their release into the environment. However, only a few studies have investigated the impact of graphene-based materials on green plants. In this study, the impact of reduced graphene oxide (RGO) on the microalgae Scenedesmus obliquus was evaluated to determine its phytotoxicity. Treatment with RGO suppressed the growth of the microalgae. The 72-h IC50 values of RGO evaluated using the logistic and Gompertz models were 148 and 151 mg L-1, respectively. RGO significantly inhibited Chl a and Chl a/b levels in the algal cells. Chlorophyll a fluorescence analysis showed that RGO significantly down-regulated photosystem II activity. The mechanism of how RGO inhibited algal growth and photosynthetic performance was determined by analyzing the alterations in ultrastructural morphology. RGO adhered to the algal cell surface as a semitranslucent coating. Cell wall damage and membrane integrity loss occurred in the treated cells. Moreover, nuclear chromatin clumping and starch grain number increase were noted. These changes might be attributed to the increase in malondialdehyde and reactive oxygen species levels, which might have exceeded the scavenging ability of antioxidant enzymes (including peroxidase and superoxide dismutase). RGO impaired the extra- and intra-cellular morphology and increased oxidative stress and thus inhibited algal growth and photosynthesis. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Depression has been linked to the overall diet using both exploratory and pre-defined methods. However, neither of these methods incorporates specific knowledge on nutrient-disease associations. The aim of the present study was to empirically identify dietary patterns using reduced rank regression and to examine their relations to depressive symptoms. Participants were 2006 Japanese employees aged 19-69 years. Depressive symptoms were assessed using the Center for Epidemiologic Studies Depression Scale. Diet was assessed using a validated, self-administered diet history questionnaire. Dietary patterns were extracted by reduced rank regression with 6 depression-related nutrients as response variables. Logistic regression was used to estimate odds ratios of depressive symptoms adjusted for potential confounders. A dietary pattern characterized by a high intake of vegetables, mushrooms, seaweeds, soybean products, green tea, potatoes, fruits, and small fish with bones and a low intake of rice was associated with fewer depressive symptoms. The multivariable-adjusted odds ratios of having depressive symptoms were 0.62 (95% confidence interval, 0.48-0.81) in the highest versus lowest tertiles of dietary score. Results suggest that adherence to a diet rich in vegetables, fruits, and typical Japanese foods, including mushrooms, seaweeds, soybean products, and green tea, is associated with a lower probability of having depressive symptoms. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB The perception of urban environmental quality is an important contributor when identifying local problems in sustainable development and environmental planning policy. This study examined the associations between environmental and social residential characteristics, physical activity, obesity, and hypertension in Kaunas city, Lithuania. This cross-sectional study analyzed 580 citizens' demographic-, socioeconomic-, health-, and lifestyle-related factors, environmental health concerns, and environmental quality perceptions. Using Geographic Information Systems and the multivariate logistic regression, we found that the less physically active group more often presented lower than mean ratings of the quality of pathways and cycling routes (32.9% and 45.6%,p= 0.042) and only irregularly visited the natural environment. Obese participants presented poorer ratings of air pollution, the quality of pathways and cycling routes, their possibility to reach green spaces by walking, and the available relaxing areas. The environmental issues associated with hypertension were poor possibilities to reach green spaces by walking (OR 1.94, 95% CI 1.14-3.32) and the availability of relaxation areas (OR 2.30, 95% 1.34-3.95). The quality of the neighborhood and individual-level characteristics were the factors that influenced a higher prevalence of health problems at the district level. Our findings suggest that a public health policy to improve the physical and social environment of the neighborhood would have a potential to increase citizens' physical activity and health."
"AB Green supply chain management encompasses every level of the supply chain. The core green supply chain management strategies include closed-loop manufacturing and reduction of carbon footprint. These strategies enable firms to improve their environmental profile and to comply with environmental regulations. This paper deals with a supply chain system integrating manufacturing, remanufacturing and repair activities (closed-loop manufacturing) to face a time-varying demand under the regulatory framework for carbon tax. Initially, the total cost of the system is provided and then a mixed integer nonlinear programming problem is formulated aiming to determine the optimal policy i.e. the manufacturing, remanufacturing and repairing cycles. After decomposing the original problem into two pure manufacturing and remanufacturing sub-problems, the existence of their optimal solution is proved and then a simple method, which relies on a finite search scheme, is used to determine the overall optimal solution. Through a variety of numerical examples and a sensitivity analysis, the effect of the different system parameters on costs and environmental efficiency are provided, such as: returns, carbon emissions generated per activity and rates of any activity. The main result of this analysis indicates that the proposed model is fairly robust to the parameters' changes, however the tax on carbon emissions has a serious impact on the system optimal cost."
"AB Background Identification of patients with novel coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) requiring hospital admission or at high-risk of in-hospital mortality is essential to guide patient triage and to provide timely treatment for higher risk hospitalized patients. Methods A retrospective multi-centre (8 hospital) cohort at Beaumont Health, Michigan, USA, reporting on COVID-19 patients diagnosed between 1 March and 1 April 2020 was used for score validation. The COVID-19 Risk of Complications Score was automatically computed by the EHR. Multivariate logistic regression models were built to predict hospital admission and in-hospital mortality using individual variables constituting the score. Validation was performed using both discrimination and calibration. Results Compared to Green scores, Yellow Scores (OR: 5.72) and Red Scores (OR: 19.1) had significantly higher odds of admission (bothp < .0001). Similarly, Yellow Scores (OR: 4.73) and Red Scores (OR: 13.3) had significantly higher odds of in-hospital mortality than Green Scores (bothp < .0001). The cross-validated C-Statistics for the external validation cohort showed good discrimination for both hospital admission (C = 0.79 (95% CI: 0.77-0.81)) and in-hospital mortality (C = 0.75 (95% CI: 0.71-0.78)). Conclusions The COVID-19 Risk of Complications Score predicts the need for hospital admission and in-hospital mortality patients with COVID-19."
"AB Purpose This study research contributes in fulfilling the gap by carrying out a systematic literature review (SLR) of contemporary research studies in closed-loop supply chain (CLSC). To the best of the author's knowledge, an SLR rooted in bibliometric analysis has not been carried focusing on advent developments in CLSC. SLR employs scientific methodologies to select papers from standard databases. The SLR using advanced bibliometric and network analysis enables unveiling the key features of the contemporary literature. Design/methodology/approach The author has analyzed over 333 documents published from 2008 and onward. Using the contemporary tools from bibliometric analysis tools, the author presented an exploratory analysis. A network analysis is utilized to visualize literature and create clusters for the cocited research studies, keywords and publication sources. A detailed multivariate analysis of most influential works published based top 100 articles via a cocitation matrix is done. The multivariate analysis used k-means clustering in which optimal number of clusters are estimated. The analysis is further extended by using a factor analysis, which enables determining the most influential clusters in the k-means clustering analysis. Findings The SLR using a bibliometric and network analysis enables unveiling the key features of the contemporary literature in CLSC. The author examined published research for influential authors, sources, region, among other key aspects. Network analysis enabled visualizing the clusters of cocited research studies, cowords and publication sources. Cluster analysis of cocited research studies is further explored using k-means clustering. Factor analysis extends findings by identifying most contributing grouping of research areas within CLSC research. Each clustering technique disclosed a unique grouping structure. Originality/value CLSC has received considerable attention, and its core areas start with focusing on reverse logistics concepts relating reuse, recycling, remanufacturing, among others. Contemporarily, the studies have enhanced reverse logistics core functionalities interfaced with the other interesting avenues related to CO2 emission reduction, greening and environmental protection, sustainability, product design and governmental policies. Earlier studies have presented a literature review of CLSC; however, these reviews are commonly conducted in the traditional manner where the authors select papers based on their area of expertise, interest and experience. As such these reviews fall short in utilizing the advanced tools from bibliometric analysis."
"AB Environmental sustainability is a growing concern that has not been examined in depth in the service literature. We propose a strategic framework for introducing or increasing sustainability activities in service organizations that acknowledges the role of the customer in the service delivery process. In so doing, the ability to increase an organization's sustainability is accomplished by both the service provider and the customer. Based on the degree of importance of sustainability to customers as well as the degree of sustainability of its current service delivery processes, service organizations can focus their efforts on customer-enabled or provider-enabled sustainability. To move to the highest degree of sustainability, services need to not only design their operations and supply chain processes to align with their sustainability objectives, but also to educate and/or incentivize their customers to be active participants for sustainable value co-creation."
"AB This article addresses a design problem of a closed loop supply chain, including suppliers, manufacturers, distribution centers, customers, warehouse centers, return centers, and recycling centers. The problem entails three choices regarding recycling, namely, product recycling, and components recycling raw material recycling. Modeling this chain is carried out by accounting for environmental considerations, total profit optimization, and reduction of lost working days due to occupational accidents, we well as maximizing responsiveness to customer demand. In order to solve the model, genetic algorithm has been used and multiple scenarios with different aspects have been studied. Solving this model provides decisions regarding opening or closing of each of the components of the network and the optimal product flow among them. The results prove the feasibility of the presented model and the applicability of the developed solution methodology. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB The present study investigated the factors that influence the feasibility and competitive advantage of a digital freight forwarder through a binary logistic regression model. The research is a concrete application of sustainable entrepreneurship in the transport and supply chain sector. The novelty of this topic presents a research gap that needs to be covered with dedicated studies. After the literature review and concept clarification, the article presents quantitative research involving an online questionnaire administered among a sample of transporters in Romania. Through analysis of the data collected from 405 respondents, it was found that the most important factors when selecting a digital freight forwarder are the existence of both sales and dispatch departments. Furthermore, apart from greening the industry, a digital freight forwarder has several other advantages for all stakeholders and society. The study concludes that the concept has the potential to disrupt the entire industry through a unique combination of efficiency, transparency, and sustainability."
"AB Increasing concerns for sustainable development have motivated the study of closed-loop supply chain network design from a multidimensional perspective. To cope with such issues, this paper presents a general closed-loop supply chain network comprising various recovery options and further formulates a multi-objective mixed-integer linear programming model considering enterprise profit and service level simultaneously. Within this model, market segmentation is also considered to meet real-world operating conditions. Moreover, an <mml:semantics>epsilon</mml:semantics>-constraint method and two interactive fuzzy approaches are applied to find a global optimum for this model together with the decisions on the numbers, locations, and capacities of the facilities, as well as the material flow through the network. Ultimately, numerical experiments are conducted to demonstrate the viability and effectiveness of both the proposed model and solution approaches."
"AB Sustainability is a broad area, and few researchers have attempted to classify studies on supply-chain management, such as those on processes for supply-chain use and regarding products and technology for implementing cleaner supply-chain management (CSCM). This paper offers in-depth reviews of published studies on cleaner practices at various stages of the supply chain, including strategic planning, product and service design and development, purchasing, production, distribution, information technology/information systems, and human resources in two prominent production-related multi-disciplinary journals over the course of a decade. By proposing a CSCM framework of practices and performance, discussing the importance of cleaner methods, and presenting performance indicators for various supply-chain stages, we highlight future topics in the area of cleaner management for supply-chain researchers to foster highly competitive organizations. (C) 2014 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB Subcritical carbon dioxide Soxhlet extraction (SCDS) is an innovative green technology that has been proven capable of extracting 10 times more bioactive compounds than hexane in rice bran oil extraction. As this technology has commercialization potential, understanding the extraction behavior and modeling the extraction curves are essential. In this study, the extraction kinetics of rice bran oil and its bioactive compounds, namely, alpha-, beta-, gamma-, and delta-tocopherol; alpha-, gamma-, and delta-tocotrienol; and gamma-oryzanol, are discussed and modeled using the diffusion model (DM), logistic model (LM), and simple single plate model (SSPM). Overall, the extraction rate of the oil yield and bioactive compounds was halved after 7 h of extraction. After 15 h of extraction, up to 94.24% of the extractable total tocopherol and 91.79% of the extractable total tocotrienol were extracted. The SSPM is recommended for modeling oil yield and oryzanol, while LM is suitable to model tocopherols and tocotrienols."
"AB Purpose - The purpose of this paper is to investigate the diffusion dynamics of electric and hybrid commercial vans and its enabling factors in the city logistics (CL) contexts. The case of parcel delivery in Torino, Italy, is considered. Attention is paid to the influence on the choice of low impact vehicles of not only public strategies but also operational aspects characterizing urban freight distribution systems."
"AB In reducing waste and protecting natural resources benefits in a circular economy platform, performing remanufacturing tasks are complex, as it may be associated with costs such as investment, setup and disposal cost. Thus, many studies those aims to find the optimal number of remanufacturing has been investigated whether it is an infinite or a constant number of remanufacturing via trial-and-error method. During the investigation, the disposal rate is assumed as a fixed value for each unique case, which needs further focus. The current study aims to propose a novel decision model to figure out an optimal number of remanufacturing regarding to the various ratio of used units returned for recovery. The proposed model was extended in context of remanufacturing opportunities of PVC products. The obtained findings are useful for companies in managing remanufacturing processes by knowing optimal remanufacturing times, and results in enhanced economic-ecological-social gains in the circular economy."
"AB This paper supplements the augmented epsilon-constraint approach with linearization using robust optimization and heuristics with an improved algorithm to maximize the total profit and minimize the environmental effects of a sustainable closed-loop supply chain (CLSC) in the dairy industry. The resultant mixed-integer linear programming (MILP) model is applied to a case from the dairy industry and evaluated against several test problems. The pessimistic, optimistic, and worst-case scenarios are considered along with the sensitivity analysis on the profitability of the CLSC concerning the product lifetimes. Our results inform that applying the heuristic on large-scale problems yields a 25% improvement in runtime. Furthermore, products with a longer lifetime under the worst-case scenario yield greater profit than those products with a shorter lifetime under an optimistic scenario."
"AB Nowadays, the processes digitization is of top priority. Time is increasingly as enemy and by the evolutionary effect must find solutions to gain it. How is possible? By digitizing the manufacturing and logistic process. Regarding the photovoltaic green, renewable energy there is also a need for digitization to push the limits of the generation capacity and to reduce the energy losses in the electricity generation chain. In the photovoltaic system, energy losses may have multiple causes. The paper addresses the photovoltaic energy losses caused by the dust deposition congruential with the type of soil in the location environment. In order to ease the operator's work with data transmission in real time, the process is digitized and user graphical interfaces are developed. In this way, the user will know when and where to act for the photovoltaic maintenance and interventions, to maximize the power output of photovoltaic work over the system lifecycle."
"AB This article presents results of a systematic review of the conceptual and empirical literature published in the area of environmentally sustainable freight transportation (ESFT) since 1990. The research has been largely atheoretical and descriptive, though that has begun to change with the dramatic growth in this literature since 2010. The literature to date provides interesting insights into the way that ESFT practice has evolved. Following an input-transformation-output model, the topical focus of the research began with an emphasis on transformation processes or activities, and then considered inputs (represented by drivers/facilitators), barriers as moderators of the process, and outcomes of practice, or outputs. This article provides extensive suggestions for future research in each of the topical areas to help fill some of the gaps in theory and to enhance practice."
"AB The need for theory building in environmental supply chains has been at the centre of many discussions in recent years. Existing research, however, does not typically consider methods that aim at theory generation. Current methods such as econometric modelling or structural equation modelling face challenges related to how causality is established due to potential issues regarding cross-sectional data sets. To address this gap, this paper suggests a total interpretive structural modelling based approach. We use graph theory logic to synthesize expert interpretations in the form of a theoretical supply chain model. This method may prove to be an alternative method to econometric based modelling or structural equation modelling. We provide an application of the method in exploring the drivers of low carbon supply chain and their relationships. Limitations and future research opportunities are also provided."
"AB Since the mid-2000s, electric vehicles have gained popularity in several countries even though their market share is still relatively low. However, most gains have been made in the area of passenger vehicles and most technical and scientific studies have been devoted to this case. By contrast, the potential of electric vehicular technology for goods distribution has received less attention. The issues related to the use of electric vehicles for goods distribution reveal a wide range of relevant research problems. The aims of this survey paper are to provide transportation researchers an overview of the technological and marketing background needed to conduct research in this area, to present a survey of the existing research in this field, and to offer perspectives for future research."
"AB Absinthe is an anise-flavored alcohol that is typically served by adding cold water to form a cloudy green louche, similar to the cloudy white louche of ouzo. This microemulsion formation, due to the competing interactions within the oil-alcohol-water system, has been termed the ouzo effect. Previous work has examined the ternary oil-alcohol-water phase diagram in ouzo and limoncello. Additional work has also characterized the droplet size and stability of microemulsions in ouzo, limoncello, and pastis. However, less work has been done to examine the effect of temperature on louche formation despite the fact that the louche is traditionally formed by adding ice cold water. This work demonstrates that both the maximum turbidity and the fraction of alcohol at maximum turbidity are temperature-dependent. The louche formation can be fit with a logistic curve, and the resulting fit parameters are linear with temperature. Optical images show that the increased turbidity correlates with an increase in the number of droplets in the microemulsion."
"AB \ In this article, we examine the relations between global value chain governance and environmental upgrading in maritime shipping. Drawing from interviews with global shipping companies and major buyers of shipping services (cargo-owners), we reveal the key issues and challenges faced in improving the environmental performance of maritime transportation. Contributing to the Global Value Chain (GVC) literature, we compare and analyze the influence of three main external drivers on environmental upgrading in the tanker, bulk and container shipping segments: regulation, cooperation and buyer demands. Our findings suggest that environmental upgrading is more likely to occur when global value chains are characterized by unipolar governance and where the lead firms are consumer-facing companies with reputational risks. Furthermore, environmental upgrading in shipping is not likely to materialize without clear and enforceable global regulation and stronger alignment between regulation and voluntary sustainability initiatives. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Bicycle sharing programs provide a sustainable mode of urban transportation. Although cities across the globe have developed these systems for their citizens and visitors, usage rates are not as high as anticipated. This research uses the technology acceptance model as the basis to understand one's intention to adopt bicycle sharing programs. Using survey data derived from 421 participants in Beijing, China, the proposed covariance-based structural equation model consisting of perceived quality, perceived convenience, and perceived value is found to predict 50.5% of the variance in adoption intention. The findings of this research contribute to theory and practice in the burgeoning literature on public bicycle systems and sustainable urban transportation by offering a theoretical lens through which to consider system adoption, and providing information to practitioners as to what factors might contribute most to adoption."
"AB The closed-loop supply chain considers forward and reverse logistics. This paper assumes a two-period setting to demonstrate the interaction and effect of periods on the supply chain. In the first period, the manufacturer acts as a leader which produces new products and sells them to the retailer, and the retailer sells them to customers. In the second period, the manufacturer collects used-products to take profit. The objective of this study is to take care of economic, green, and social issues for both manufacturer and retailer in both periods. It presented a flexible solution method in two phases. A numerical example is presented and solved by applying the proposed solution method. Results indicate that the manufacturer as a leader obtains more profit, whereas the retailer is more sensitive towards the discount rate. Moreover, the retailer's profit is more sensitive to the proportion of returned used products than the manufacturer's profit."
"AB The interactions between free and macromolecule-bound antioxidants were investigated in order to evaluate their combined effects on the antioxidant environment. Dietary fiber (DF), protein and lipid-bound antioxidants, obtained from whole wheat, soybean and olive oil products, respectively and Trolox were used for this purpose. Experimental studies were carried out in autoxidizing liposome medium by monitoring the development of fluorescent products formed by lipid oxidation. Chemometric methods were used both at experimental design and multivariate data analysis stages. Comparison of the simple addition effects of Trolox and bound antioxidants with measured values on lipid oxidation revealed synergetic interactions for DF and refined olive oil-bound antioxidants, and antagonistic interactions for protein and extra virgin olive oil-bound antioxidants with Trolox. A generalized version of logistic function was successfully used for modelling the oxidation curve of liposomes. Principal component analysis revealed two separate phases of liposome autoxidation. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Globalisation has led to the increased export and import of goods worldwide. Due to this, the selection of the right mode of transportation for heavy (huge) goods items is a challenging task for industries. In this regard, maritime transport is the best way to send huge goods compared to other modes of transportations. The objective of this study is to investigate the essential criteria for shipping carrier and to rank them with the help of analytical hierarchy process (AHP) in the perspective of the Chinese shipping market. From the results, it is observed that the most important criteria are cargoes' damage degree when they are received (R2). It is acting as an important criteria and reliability for on-time delivery (R1) and the carrier's ability of multimodal transportation (C1) are the next priority criteria's for the selection of shipping carrier."
"AB This study applies the theory of strategic groups to segment environmental management practices orientation, and assess the performance outcomes of different environmental strategy oriented groups in container shipping sector in Taiwan. Based on data collected from 152 shipping firms, four environmental management dimensions were identified based on factor analysis: 1) environmental auditing; 2) environmental collaboration; 3) environmental purchasing; 4) environmental commitment. Cluster analysis was subsequently used to assign respondents' firms to three environmental strategy oriented groups, namely: environmental commitment oriented firms, environmental collaboration oriented firms, and environmental auditing and environmental purchasing oriented firms, based on their factor scores in the four environmental management dimensions. Finally, analysis of variance (ANOVA) results indicate that environmental auditing and purchasing oriented firms exhibited the best environmental performance among the groups, whereas environmental commitment oriented firms possessed the best non-financial performance, and environmental collaboration oriented firms had the best financial performance."
"AB Dramatic phenological shifts and ecosystem responses of deciduous forests to global climate change have been reported around the world. Land Surface Phenology (LSP) derived from satellite imagery is useful to estimate the phenological responses of vegetation to climate variability and inform terrestrial ecosystem models at landscape to global scales. However, there is a large (and unquantified) uncertainty in estimated phenological dates due to the relatively coarse temporal resolution of typical data and methodological limitations. To assess responses of phenology and related ecological function and services, it is essential to decrease the temporal uncertainty of estimated phenological processes. In this study, we developed a new LSP estimation method using linear change point models to determine four phenological transitions using twice-daily Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer (MODIS) Enhanced Vegetation Index (EVI) from 2000 to 2015. We evaluated the approach using long-term phenological ground observations and compare performance of four LSP estimations generated from two data sources (i.e. 8-day and twice daily EVI time series) and two methods (i.e. double logistic and change point estimation). We found that the LSP generated from change point estimation with twice daily EVI time series had the highest accuracy (i.e. lower Root Mean Square Error (RMSE), mean bias, and Mean Absolute Error (MAE)) for both spring and fall phenology evaluated by Harvard Forest phenology observations and a large citizen science database of phenological observations from the National Phenology Network. For example, change point estimation reduced the estimation error for fall senescence date from over 40 days in the standard MODIS phenology product (version 005) to 11.5-24 days of RMSE, -2.6 to -5.8 days of mean bias, and 7.9-20.1 days of MAE. The change point methodology also enables calculation of additional metrics to describe the biophysical process of vegetation, including rates of greenup, green-down, and senescence, EVI values at each phenological transition, and the estimation uncertainties for each transition date. Our LSP estimations will improve more comprehensive investigations of landscape phenology of deciduous forest and the associated ecosystem processes at regional to global scales."
"AB Background: Reverse logistics (RL) practices have previously been viewed as a cost drain, but have received greater attention from practitioners because of increasing competition and dwindling margins."
"AB Nowadays, companies are able to obtain the key to success in global competition by choosing the right suppliers who are more align with their strategies. It is dear that applying appropriate attitudes and criteria have a great importance in choosing suppliers in the process of decision-making by chain managers and especially purchasing managers. In this study tried to apply Lean, Agile, Resilient and Green (L.A.R.G.) approach in a model designed to select the consistence supplier. Accordingly, at first, while reviewing and exploiting the literature, the most main logistics needs of the company concerned in the light of the objectives that followed on the fields of the LARG attitudes, are refined and selected, then their degree of significance is determined through Multi-Objective Performance Analysis (M.O.P.A.). The house of quality (H.O.Q.) matrix is applied to determine the importance degree of the technical characteristics of the suppliers and Taguchi loss function is applied to determine the degree of their performance deviation from the target value in each one of the technical characteristics (ultimate judgment about their competency). The considered suppliers are ranked based on the results of the loss function analysis. A sensitivity analysis was conducted to analyse the impact of different conditions on suppliers' ranking and validation of the ranking results were Satisfied by applying the T.O.P.S.I.S. method."
"AB Agriculture is the main economic activity in Nepal, and vegetable farming is one of the major agricultural practices of peri-urban farmers in Kathmandu Valley (KV). In this study, it was hypothesized that vegetable farming contributes significantly to the livelihood of farmers by generating cash and providing employment opportunities. The relationship between livelihood and vegetable farming based on the practices, views, and perceptions of vegetable farmers at four different sites in the outskirts of KV was studied. A purposive sample of 140 farm households was surveyed, and key informant interviews were conducted to collect comprehensive data. Binary logistic regression was used to identify the relationships between farmer livelihood and numerous variables related to vegetable farming. It was found that the most of the surveyed farmers are migrants who have spread to different corners of KV at different times. The surveyed farmers cultivate an average area of 2551.5 m(2) for vegetable farming. The major vegetable products in the study area are tomato (Solanum lycopersicum), carrot (Daucus carota), and green leafy vegetables. The model results indicate a significant positive relationship between vegetable farming and livelihood. The survey results also reveal many constraints (e.g., poor market management and lack of irrigation facilities) and challenges (e.g., haphazard urban growth, price fluctuation, and vegetable diseases). Since vegetable farming has become a major source of livelihood for farmers in the peripheral areas of KV, further interventions should be implemented to strengthen the vegetable sector and sustain this source of livelihood for peri-urban farmers."
"AB We studied the value of a nuclear power plant by considering Koreans' willingness to pay (WTP) for neutralizing the various problems caused by building and operating a new plant. For this, we used a conjoint analysis and ordered logistic regression. We then compared the WTP estimates between various segment groups. The results revealed that each household was willing to pay an additional 99,677 Korean Won (KRW)/mo on average to resolve the negative impacts from a nuclear plant. Therefore, the yearly cognitive and economic value of a nuclear plant in Korea was about 19 trillion KRW. Through a segment analysis, we found that the more educated, younger, and poorer groups gave higher cognitive values than the less educated, older, and richer groups, respectively. Also, people who lived far from a plant gave higher values than people living near a plant, and people with more knowledge about or interest in nuclear energy gave higher values than people with less knowledge or interest. People who felt that nuclear energy is necessary gave higher values to nuclear energy than those who did not. Our results can be used as bases to set targets for promoting nuclear energy and pursuing a national project of building a nuclear power plant. Copyright (C) 2016, Published by Elsevier Korea LLC on behalf of Korean Nuclear Society."
"AB The conventional intermodal freight transportation system lacks the needed flexibility, efficiency and effectiveness among other things. The search for more sustainable system for maritime-hinterland transportation has culminated in the development of the synchromodality concept. In this study, mathematical model is formulated and used to experiment the feasibility and applicability of the concept of synchromodality in Ghana. Data for the numerical analysis for the given corridor is obtained from online sources and through the direct interview of experts in the field. Coupled with this, expert judgment of the researchers is also used. The results of the optimisation were plotted in a graph using OriginPro 9.0, 32-Bit Software. From the study results, the synchromodal service design yielded a difference of about 22% cost savings compared with the unimodal service due to the usage of fewer of trucks. The waiting penalty at the terminal of origin is also considerably reduced. When compared with the intermodal service, the synchromodal service offered a cost savings of about 8%. The results of this research show that the innovative concept has the potentials of ensuring sustainability, flexibility and cost reduction among other things, in freight transportation sector. The sustainability is obtained through better modal split and parallel use of modes for maritime-hinterland freight transportation. Furthermore, the study reveals that synchromodality has the potentials of increasing transport service utilisation. The benefits of environmental sustainability are achieved through less usage of trucks resulting in a reduction in environmental pollution, road congestion, noise, etc."
"AB The Clostridium sp. is a large group of spore-forming, facultative or strictly anaerobic, Gram-positive bacteria that can produce food poisoning. The table olive industry is demanding alternative formulations to respond to market demand for the reduction of acidity and salt contents in final products. while maintaining the appearance of freshness of fruits. In this work, logistic regression models for non-adapted and acid-adapted Clostridium sp. strains were developed in laboratory medium to study the influence of pH, NaCl (%) and time on the probability of germination of their spores. A Clostridium sporogenes cocktail was not able to germinate at pH < 5.0, although the adaptation of the strains produced an increase in the probability of germination at 5.0-5.5 pH levels and 6% NaCl concentration. At acidic pH values (5.0), the adapted strains germinated after 10 days of incubation, while those which were non-adapted required 15 days. At pH 5.75 and with 4% NaCl, germination of the adapted strains took place before 7 days, while several replicates of the non-adapted strains did not germinate after 42 days of storage. The model was validated in natural green olive brines with good results (>81.7% correct prediction cases). The information will be useful for the industry and administration to assess the safety risk in the formulation of new processing conditions in table olives and other fermented vegetables."
"AB The concern about environmental and social impacts of business activities has led to introducing a new paradigm called, sustainable development. It can help to build a low-carbon high-growth global economy and guarantee the global well-being of people. In this paper, three pillars of sustainable development, i.e., economic, environmental, and social, are considered and discussed to design a supply chain network. The proposed model tries to maximize profit primarily while capturing societal community development by prioritizing the less developed regions. Moreover, the model ensures that the environmentally friendly facilities can operate in the supply chain network while others have to be repaired. Furthermore, quantifying the benefits of transportation decisions in terms of both cost and environmental impact savings to improve the sustainability of logistics systems is considered. In addition, the model is regarded as robust programming for the problem to approximate real situations. The proposed model is implemented in some numerical examples and in a real case study. Numerical results and computational analysis are indicative of the significance of the model and through conducting the case study, it is demonstrated that the proposed model can be implemented successfully in practice and it would be beneficial to all the three pillars of sustainable development. Moreover, the managerial insights for the managers of the supply chain networks are provided to make the most appropriate decisions. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Recently, environmental issues have raised an increasing amount of attention, which has led to a quick development of green supply chains. Particularly, the collection and disposal of unwanted medications (UMs) in households have been an increasingly important research topic. However, there is little work on building an effective reverse logistics (RL) system for collecting UMs. For stimulating more collections of UMs, an RL system with a points-exchange incentive scheme and advertising is proposed in this study. Based on Game Theory, this research takes the lead in investigating the effects of these two strategies in a two-echelon supply chain composed of a pharmaceutical manufacturer and a retailer. For the game theoretic analysis, four games are established: non-cooperative, retailer as the Stackelberg leader, manufacturer as the Stackelberg leader, and centralized games. There are three situations in each game, namely, the advertising-effective region, exchange-effective region, and joint-effective region. The optimal strategies of advertising and points-exchange proportion for both members are identified. In both joint-effective and exchange-effective regions, a preferable decentralized supply chain structure is the Nash policy, whereas it does not matter who leads the game in the advertising-effective region. Cooperation is crucial in the model, which results in a larger collection and more profit of the total supply chain. Finally, this study provides managerial implications and some suggestions for future research."
"AB Nowadays, to avoid further damage to the environment and supply the raw materials from the used solar cells, some countries are trying to recycle the used solar systems. In this paper, we develop a three-echelon closed-loop solar cell supply chain (CLSCSC) including a supplier, a third-party logistics (3PL), and an assembler considering two kinds of solar cells, dye-sensitized and perovskite. The return amount of used solar systems depends on the environmental awareness level of customers, the third-party logistics' effort for collection, the return price of used solar systems, and the efficiency of solar cells. This problem is modeled by a Stackelberg game, where the 3PL is a follower and the supplier and the assembler are the chain leaders. Moreover, the government incentive schemes in CLSCSC by assigning the subsidy for technology R&D and manufacturing costs for supplier and dedicating the subsidy for collection cost to encourage the 3PL to collect more used solar systems are also analyzed. The government's subsidy makes an effort to return more solar cells in the chain. According to the results, the efficiency of the new solar cell (dye-sensitized and perovskite) under government intervention is almost two times more than the new solar cell's efficiency without government intervention. Besides, the collection effort under government intervention is 2% more than the collection effort without government intervention. Finally, managerial insights are considered for the proposed model."
"AB Purpose The T1 substage, according to the relationship between muscularis mucosae (MM) and tumors, is a promising prognostic factor for T1 bladder cancer. However, the identification rate of MM is low in specimens, and it is, therefore, not widely used in clinical practice. In this study, we investigated whether en bloc resection of non-muscle invasive bladder cancer (NMIBC) could improve the identification of muscularis mucosae (MM), which may further accurate identification of the T1 substage."
"AB As the 21st-century paradigm, sustainable development implies, among other things, the need to ensure environmental sustainability through replacement of traditional energy sources with environmentally acceptable renewable ones. Economic literature identifies a number of prerequisites and determinants needed for the successful use of renewable energy sources. The purpose of this study is to deepen our understanding of the determinants of an individual's willingness to support the implementation of energy-saving measures. A nation-wide citizen perception survey of 3,024 respondents was carried out in Bosnia and Herzegovina in 2018 to collect data for this study. The paper takes a micro-level approach focusing on the behaviour of an individual. The respondents were found to have a positive attitude toward renewable energy projects. Most of them (72.78%) support such projects. Logistic regression (maximum-likelihood estimation) was employed to test the proposed hypotheses. The results of the study show that there are several important predictors of an individual's support for projects related to renewable energy sources, including age, gender, income, satisfaction with the standard of living, religiousness, living in a male-dominated household, and ethnicity. The results of the study can help policymakers to design and adopt adequate policy measures for promoting financial investments in renewable energy sources, and project developers to tailor their communication and promotion strategies to the needs of specific population segments to better achieve the goals and benefits of such projects."
"AB This paper aims to better manage the reverse supply chain of the automotive industry in the context of green, circular, and sustainable development by predicting the number of end-of-life vehicles to be recycled through the establishment of a multi-factor model. The prediction of the number of end-of-life vehicles to be recycled in this paper will support the end-of-life vehicle recycling industry in terms of recycling management and investment decision-making and provide a reference for the formulation and implementation of policies relating to end-of-life vehicles. To solve the problems posed by nonlinear characteristics and uncertainty in the number of end-of-life vehicles recycled, and deal with the multiple factors influencing the recycling number, this paper presents a combined prediction model consisting of a grey model, exponential smoothing and an artificial neural network optimized by the particle swarm optimization (PSO) algorithm. Using Shanghai's end-of-life vehicle reverse logistics industry as an example, this study selects historical data about end-of-life vehicles recycled in Shanghai during the 2005-2016 period, identifies multiple influential factors, and validates the effectiveness and feasibility of the prediction model through empirical research. This paper proposes an effective prediction model for end-of-life vehicle industry managers, researchers, and regulators dealing with the industry's common challenges. (C) 2018 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Primary coffee processing generates important by-products-the pulp, husk and mucilage-while producing the green coffee beans. These by-products represent a large quantity of biomass and might create an adverse impact on environment if they are left to uncontrolled natural decay. In this study, the bio-methane formation potential of coffee husk, pulp and mucilage was examined in batch assays performed at 21 degrees C, 30 degrees C and 37 degrees C. The mean specific methane yield (SMY) from husk, pulp, and mucilage were 159.4, 244.7 and 294.5 L kg(-1) volatile solids(VS), respectively, for a fermentation temperature of 37 degrees C; 156.8, 234.8 and 287.1 L kg(-1) VS, respectively, for 30 degrees C; and 139.9, 196.2 and 255.9 L kg(-1) VS, respectively, for 21 degrees C. Two kinetic models, namely, the modified Logistic model (LOG) and the modified Gompertz model (GOM), were applied to fit experimental data and the respective kinetic constants were generated. Both models exhibited a very good fit to the measured data points (R-2 > 0.987). The relationship of kinetic constants of substrates with fermentation temperatures was established and inserted into the LOG and GOM models; thus, generalized LOG and GOM models were obtained to predict SMY of the substrates at any temperature between 21 degrees C and 37 degrees C."
"AB Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs), which are ubiquitous in the environment, have been found to cause orofacial clefts (OFCs) in mouse model. However, evidence from the human study with markers of intrauterine exposure is absent. We explored the associations between the levels of sixteen PAHs in umbilical cord tissue and risk for OFCs using multivariable logistic models and Bayesian Kernel Machine Regression (BKMR). This case-control study included 89 OFC cases and 129 controls without congenital malformations. Concentrations of PAHs in umbilical cord tissue were detected using gas chromatography coupled to triple quadrupole tandem mass spectrometry. The median levels of Sigma PAHs, Sigma low molecular weight polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, and Sigma high molecular weight polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons were all higher in cases of total OFCs and its subtypes than in controls, although the differences were not statistically significant. No statistical associations between levels of PAHs in umbilical cord tissue and risk for OFCs were observed in either multivariable logistic models or BKMR models. Maternal using a stove for heating and lower frequency of ventilation in the bedroom/living room, and consumptions of fresh green vegetables were positively correlated with levels of PAHs in umbilical cord. In conclusion, our results did not suggest that in utero exposure to PAHs were associated with the risk for OFCs, in estimating whether single effect of PAHs or joint effects of multiple PAHs. (C) 2019 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB In recent years, reverse logistics supply chain (RLSC) has gained momentum as an environmentally friendly approach that could facilitate in greening the conventional construction supply chains. A perusal of literature shows that the research in the field of RLSC of demolition waste (DW) is in an evolving phase. The improper information sharing (IS) is a serious issue in RLSC of DW, which has not been reviewed extensively. Thus, the aim of this study is to discern the aspects of IS in RLSC of DW and to provide potential future research directions on the topic. To accomplish the aim, the objectives of this paper are two folds: (i) to explore the aspects of IS in RLSC of DW; and (ii) to identify the future research directions of IS in RLSC of DW. A total of 89 articles from five search engines published between 2000 and 2019 were subjected to descriptive and content analysis. The descriptive analysis revealed that most of the reviewed studies were case studies and originated from developed countries. The content analysis found that complex, fragmented, cross-functional and multi-disciplinary nature of the supply chain primarily leads to improper IS in RLSC of DW. A collaborative network is needed to improve IS, which is facilitated by government and Information, Communications and Technology (la) based initiatives. The study makes a significant contribution by building the foundation on IS in RLSC of DW through proposing a conceptual framework. The conceptual framework shows an outline for the organisations in RLSC of DW to formulate their information initiative strategy. This could be considered as the first step to improve IS in RLSC of DW. Besides, the study also acknowledges several paths of doing further research to contribute to the domain under study. Crown Copyright (C) 2020 Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Forest protection policies potentially reduce deforestation and forest degradation. Using satellite imagery, a supervised classification method and a post-classification change detection technique, this study quantifies forest cover changes prior (1973-1993) and after (1993-2015) a nation-wide logging ban in 1993. Using logistic model, we also assess and compare the relative importance and patterns of drivers of deforestation and forest degradation between the two periods. We show that despite a complete ban on green felling, total forest in the study area has decreased from 89,938 ha in 1973 to 68,904 ha in 2015. Proportionally more forest (13,636 ha) disappears during the post-logging ban as compare to the pre-logging ban period (7398 ha) with annual conversion rate of 0.43% and 0.82% respectively. In particular, forest degradation has accelerated in the region after the imposition of the logging ban policy. However, sparse forest conversion appears to slightly slowdown after the imposition of the logging ban. The logistic analysis shows that most of the deforestation in the pre-ban period occurred in the high elevation range (3000 to 4000 m), while during the post-ban period more can be observed in the low elevation range (2500 and 3500 m). Opposite to deforestation, forest degradation shifted from low elevation range (2500 to 3000 m) during the pre-ban period to high elevation range (3000 to 3500 m) of mature and old growth stands during the post-ban period. Distances to political boundary and forest edge were the other significant variables that behaved differently between the two periods. We found that factors influencing deforestation and forest degradation were not only time and space specific but also varied with the policy setting."
"AB Purpose Forecasting product returns plays an important role in the operations of reverse logistics (RL). However, their contribution to sustainability performance is yet to be explored. The purpose of this paper is to explore the product returns in Indian electronics industry and examine the relationship of forecasting product returns with triple bottom line performance of RL. Design/methodology/approach In this study, based on past literature review, four hypotheses, relating to forecasting of product returns and its association with performance, were developed. A questionnaire was sent to 700 respondents from the Indian electronics industry. Overall, 208 received responses were found suitable for the research. The necessary statistical analysis was carried out to ensure the reliability and validity of the questionnaire. In order to test different hypotheses, partial least square path modelling (PLSPM) technique of structural equation modeling was utilized. Findings Measurement model had shown sufficient data fit for the modeling. PLSPM results reveal that the accuracy in forecasting product returns is positively associated with operational performance of RL. It also plays an important role in the sustainability efforts of an organization. Research limitations/implications Managers can utilize results of study for exploring and emphasizing issues of product returns for improving RL performance. One of the limitations is that data are collected only from Indian electronics industry. Another limitation is that only product returns are considered for the operational and TBL performance of RL. In future, study may be carried out considering different factors in other sectors and countries. Originality/value The intent of forecasting product returns is considered to be operational efficiency. It can make significant contributions to the sustainability efforts of an organization. Review of the past literature indicates that research in the field of RL is in developing stage, and issues related to forecasting product returns are under-represented. The paper adds value to the few available articles on product returns."
"AB Purpose Freight transportation practices accounted for a significant share of environmental degradation and climate change over the years. Therefore, environmentally responsible transport practices (ERTPs) become a serious concern of freight shippers and transport service providers. Past studies generally ignored the assessment of ERTPs of freight transport companies during a transport service contract. To bridge the above literature gap, this paper proposed a hierarchical framework for evaluating freight transport companies based on ERTPs. Design/methodology/approach In a data-driven decision-making environment, transport firm selection is affected by multiple expert inputs, lack of information availability, decision-making ambiguity and background of experts. The evaluation of such decisions requires a multi-criteria decision-making method under a group decision-making approach. This paper used a data-driven method based on the intuitionistic fuzzy-set-based analytic hierarchy process (IF-AHP) and VIseKriterijumska Kompromisno Rangiranje (IF-VIKOR) method. The applicability of the proposed framework is validated with the Indian freight transport industry. Findings The result analysis shows that environmental knowledge sharing among freight transport actors, quality of organizations human resource, collaborative green awareness training programs, promoting environmental awareness program for employees and compliance of government transport emission law and practice have been ranked top five ERTPs which significantly contribute to the environmental sustainability of freight transport industry. The proposed framework also ranked freight transport companies based on ERTPs. Research limitations/implications This research is expected to provide a reference to develop ERTPs in the emerging economies freight transport industry and contribute to the development of a sustainable freight transport system. Originality/value This study assesses the environmental responsibility of the freight transportation industry. The emerging economies logistics planners can use proposed framework for assessing the performance of freight transportation companies based on ERTPs."
"AB Sustainability is gaining importance in the Indian manufacturing industries, as there are increasing considerations from stakeholders for resource utilization and for reducing ecological impacts. Sustainable Supply Chain Management (SSCM) can resolve many environmental management problems along with the gain of several competitive advantages for future. We formulate in this research, an integrative decision-making model for SSCM in the Indian context, which considers several strategies, interfaces, and regulations for sustainability along with the attributes contributing to each. A network model is constructed from an initial flow model and the weightings for factors were calculated using the method of paired comparison by the Analytic Hierarchy Process (AHP). Later, Analytic Network Process (ANP) has been employed for the comparison of alternative schemes for selection of a particular SSCM strategy into implementation. We assess two alternative schemes in practice for sustainability and from the results; we observe that Scheme 2 excels Scheme 1, considering sustainability capabilities. Also, from the factor weightings, we observe that standardization of nature-friendly (NF) technologies and green segment size emerges as important factors for the case supply chain. A comparison of the results from AHP and ANP is conducted with other popular multi-criteria decision-making techniques, TOPSIS and VIKOR and the results were analyzed. Also, we conduct sensitivity analysis of the results. The implications of the study are in a direction to aid the managerial decision-making process, through effectively comparing various schemes to implementation for their sustainability capabilities."
"AB Developing countries like South Africa is aiming to be a nation that has fully harnessed the potential of Industry 4.0 technological innovation to grow the economy and uplift people of the country. The country has motivated manufactures to focus on smart manufacturing considering the sustainable development aspects to develop circular economy capabilities. However, manufacturers are facing various resource related challenges, which has slowed down the progress of Industry 4.0 adoption. This study aspires to develop a theoretical model linking key resources for Industry 4.0 adoption that are essential to drive technological progress; and its effect on sustainable production and circular economy capabilities. The review of literature led to the identification of thirty-five resources that are essential for the adoption of Industry 4.0. Further, exploratory factor analysis was used to group the variables under relevant factors and thereafter research team developed a theoretical model that was further tested using PLS-SEM technique. Research findings indicate that production systems, human resources, project management, management leadership, green logistics, green design, information technology, big data analytics and collaborative relationships are key resources for Industry 4.0 adoption; second, Industry 4.0 adoption have a positive relationship with sustainable production and finally, sustainable production has a positive relationship with circular economy capabilities. The study concludes with theoretical and practical implications. (C) 2020 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Societal emergence and sustainability are results of human actions and practices which can either imbalance it with maximum exploitation or retain it through responsible utilization of resources. Based on theories on institutional and resource-based views, the study explores the enablers of green sustainable practices of procurement, logistics, product and process design and regulatory frameworks for low carbon performance .The study employs a Hybrid approach of step-by-step empirical process to examine the impact of sustainable practices on low carbon performance which further affects the sustainable manufacturing and societies. A theoretical model developed based on hypothesis is tested first using modified Dillman's approach. Then it is tested in in the PLS-SEM package using 380 data responses collected from the various manufacturers. Further robustness of proposed model is validated using different ML (machine learning) followed by post hoc analysis using Item Response Theory to validate the scale and efficacy of the measurement model. The study validates the positive relationships of sustainable practices on the low carbon performance which eventually is responsible for sustainable societies. The area of sustainable manufacturing is found relatively lacking and requires further attention of leadership for better societal establishments. The study hopes to further enrich the literature with its unique Hybrid approach of SEM/PLS Machine Learning and IRT which is used to presents carbon performance as a central entity deriving from green practices and driving sustainable manufacturing and societies."
"AB As a valuable nut which is rich in minerals and vitamins, the pistachio is now popular with millions of people throughout the world. Since its major producer-exporter countries are limited, paying attention to its supply chain seems quite necessary. The pistachio SC management can play an important role in its more economic development because it involves all the activities related to the product management from supply to the customer delivery. Also, due to the recently changing environmental regulations affecting manufacturing operations, increasing attention is given to developing environmental commitments for the supply chain. The present study has designed a supply chain for the pistachio nut, its by-products, and carbon production. The proposed mathematical model considering a robust possibilistic programming approach to face the uncertainties inherent in this supply chain as regards the supply, products' price, and demand of the type multi-period MILP. The results of data realizations show that the proposed model is less sensitive to the changes in the uncertain parameters than the exact model. The proposed model's performance has been verified with a real case study in Iran through which a managerial and practical insight is achieved. The research finally compares the proposed RPP with an exact programming model and shows its advantages; in the standard deviation, its performance has been better by about 36.67%. (C) 2020 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB The necessity of developing renewable energy sources has contributed to increasing interest in developing the anaerobic digestion for producing biomethane since it both provides green energy and reduces disposal treatment. In this regard, to assure efficient water utilization by finding alternative water sources, sewage sludge collected from the wastewater treatment plant (WWTP) was recently investigated because it could represent a suitable resource for producing biomethane within the context of a circular economy. Therefore, this study aims at improving the current knowledge on the feasibility of biomethane production from sewage sludge by optimizing the logistic-supplying phase. In this regard, a GIS-based model was developed and applied to the Emilia-Romagna region to consider the existing networks of WWTPs and biogas systems to valorize sewage sludge for bioenergy production and minimizing environmental impact. The results of the GIS analyses allowed to localize the highest productive territorial areas and highlighted where sewage sludges are abundantly located and could be better exploited within agricultural biogas plants. Finally, the achieved results could help plan suitable policy interventions that are centered on biomass supply and outputs diversification, governance, and social participation, since the regulatory framework could play a crucial role in planning the reuse of these wastes for developing a more sustainable biomethane sector in line with the green economy goals."
"AB Eco-cities are gaining attention in policy and academic circles over the past few years. Yet they pose difficulties as objects of study since they have been diversely defined and implemented. This paper argues that eco-cities are better understood as an assemblage of worlding practices. Combining these two concepts foregoes the emphasis on the eco-city's physical structures and focuses more on its policy environment and its relations with other locations. The case study being examined is the Philippine's Clark Green, the country's first eco-city project. Its main proponent is an independent government agency, the Bases Conversion and Development Authority (BCDA), tasked with developing former military locations for civilian uses. Their vision is to create a world-class project built by international stakeholders in order to elevate the status of the Philippines and the Filipinos. They have chosen to emulate the Songdo International Business District in South Korea as their benchmark model. Not only are they adopting the ideas of a smart city but also similar strategies to enter the international education and logistics industries. The paper will show how the BCDA uses the eco-city idea as a tool to enter various national and international discourses that extend beyond the project's geographical boundaries. Yet the strategies and visions of an independent government-owned corporation are tempered by challenges from local stakeholders, conflicting national priorities, and failures from similar policies applied elsewhere. The paper highlights the need for worlding projects to be embedded in their own national context for greater policy coordination."
"AB The challenges of simultaneous profit maximization and environmental or social externality mitigation need to be urgently addressed by companies. Accordingly, attention to the Sustainable Vehicle Routing Problem incorporating economic, environmental, and social concerns has been gradually increasing. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first literature review that focuses on sustainability practices in urban routing. Our first objective is to investigate the scopes, objectives, solution methodologies, and data types in the reviewed papers. The second objective is to analyse the indicators used in the proposed quantitative models and how they are related to sustainability and green criteria in the vehicle routing field. These criteria are adapted from Elkington's (2001) triple bottom line (TBL) approach that emphasizes economic, environmental, and social dimensions. The final objective is to examine the findings of the studies, identify gaps in the related literature, and suggest directions for future research. One of the key findings of this study is that the economic dimension is the prominent driver among the three pillars of sustainability. The researchers relatively less address the environmental and social dimensions. It is determined that the social indicators are the least studied sub-dimension of sustainability. The results of this study are thought to help researchers and practitioners to learn more about the methods and models of sustainability or green practices, the metrics used, and the economic, environmental, and social results. (C) 2020 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB This paper presents an integrated data collection and analysis framework to comprehensively evaluate the impact of office indoor building environment on occupants' comfort, satisfaction, and work performance. The latter includes the perceived productivity level of respondents as well as an objective measure of basic cognitive thinking skills. The framework consists of five main stages, which include: 1) development of a survey for the subjective evaluation of comfort levels of occupants with various indoor environmental metrics, 2) development of a performance test for an objective evaluation of productivity, 3) assembly and calibration of an indoor environmental monitoring station, 4) data collection using the tools developed in the first three stages, and 5) data analysis using descriptive statistics, Spearman's rank correlations, and ordinal logistic regression models. The framework is applied and validated through a case study of a green university campus in Abu Dhabi, UAE, where data was collected from 156 building users. Results show that both environmental conditions and occupants' personal characteristics have significant impacts on how occupants perceive their indoor environment, affecting their overall satisfaction, reported happiness, reported productivity levels, and basic cognitive abilities. In parallel, demographical factors such as gender and age are significant determinants of most of the studied comfort and performance metrics, confirming the need to further account for the personal characteristics of occupants when assessing the performance of the built environment."
"AB Background: Identification of modifiable dietary factors, which are involved in the development of gestational diabetes mellitus (GDM), could inform strategies to prevent GDM."
"AB Land cover monitoring is a major task for remote sensing. Compared to traditional methods of forests monitoring which mostly use orthophotography from satellites or aircraft, there is very little research on the use of 3D canopy structure to monitor forest growth. Unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) aerial could be a novel and feasible platform to generate more timely and high resolution forest 3D canopy images. In spring, the forest is supposed to experience rapid growth. In this research, we used a small UAV to monitor campus forest growth in spring at 2-day intervals. Each time, 140 images were acquired and the ground surface dense point cloud was reconstructed at high precision. Excess Green indexes (ExG) was used to extract the green canopy points. The segmented point cloud was triangulated using the greedy projection triangulation method into a mesh and its area was calculated. Forest canopy growth was analyzed at three levels: forest level, selected group level and individual tree level. A logistic curve was used to fit the time series canopy growth. Strong correlation was found R-2 = 0.8517 at forest level, R-2 = 0.9652 at selected group level and R-2 = 0.9606 at individual tree level. Moreover, high correlation was found between canopies. By observing these results, we can conclude that the ground 3D model can act as a useful data type to monitor forest growth. Moreover UAV aerial remote sensing has advantages when monitoring forests in periods when the ground vegetation is growing and changing fast."
"AB We are observing more often extreme climate incidents because of global warming. There is a dire requirement for governments, enterprises, the overall population, and academics to take facilitated activities so as to handle the difficulties forced by environmental change. The most important strategic issue is to design an effective and environmentally concerned logistics system as transportation is one of the fundamental reasons for carbon emanations. Having this goal and mentioned highly important contributions in the field, this article introduces an unprecedented integrated mathematical model for a green solid transportation system with dwell time to execute the carbon tax, cap, and offset regulation. Due to market fluctuations, the supply and demand parameters are not always of crisp nature. Hence, a twofold (type-2 intuitionistic) uncertainty is incorporated in this article to provide a realistic transportation system. A new ranking defuzzification technique is presented for conversion into a deterministic form. After that, a fuzzy technique and a nonfuzzy technique are used to get the Pareto-optimal solution of the proposed problem. The performances of our findings are discussed with industrial-based application examples. Moreover, a comparative study is explored among the other relevant existing techniques. Managerial insights, conclusions, and avenues of future scopes are offered at the end of this article."
"AB Due to increased customer knowledge and ecological pressures from markets and various stakeholders, business organizations have emphasized the importance of greening and sustainability in their supply chain through supplier selection. Therefore, a systematic and sustainability-focused evaluation system for supplier selection is needed from an organizational supply chain perspective. This work proposes a framework to evaluate sustainable supplier selection by using an integrated Analytical Hierarchy Process (AHP), ViseKriterijumska Optimizacija I Kompromisno Resenje (VIKOR), a multi-criteria optimization and compromise solution approach. Initially, 22 sustainable supplier selection criteria and three dimensions of criteria (economic, environmental, and social) have been identified through literature and experts' opinions. A real world example of an automobile company in India is discussed to demonstrate the proposed framework applicability. According to the findings, 'Environmental costs; 'Quality of product,' 'Price of product' Occupational health and safety systems,' and 'Environmental competencies' have been ranked as the top five sustainable supplier selection criteria. In addition, out of the five sustainable supplier's alternatives, supplier number 'three' got the highest rank. The work presented in this paper may help managers and business professionals not only to distinguish the important supplier selection criteria but also to evaluate the most efficient supplier for sustainability in supply chain, while remaining competitive in the market. Sensitivity analysis is also conducted to test the proposed framework robustness. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Rapid industrial development that leads to economic growth and massive employment generation needs intense support from mining industries which act as a downstream supply chain partner for an industry. The counter side of intensive and unregulated mining activities is the massive waste generation and environmental degradation. Waste produced by mining industries is acquired by their upstream supply chain partners. So, there is a growing pressure on mining companies to enhance their ecological performance. In this regard, green supply chain management (GSCM), emerged as an environmental strategy that not only improves the environmental performance of individual organizations, but also that of the entire supply chain which has also been accepted by industries. However, an exception is observed in the case of the mining industries in India. This can be attributed to the poor understanding of the involved factors. Hence, an attempt is made here to identify the drivers of GSCM and extract the causal relationship among them through the use of decision making trial and evaluation laboratory (DEMATEL). Further, the strength of influence of these drivers on each other as also on the entire system is investigated to prioritize the drivers according to their influential strength. The results of the study, explore 'top management commitment' and 'competitiveness' as the two most important drivers whereas 'employee pressure' is the least important driver. (C) 2015 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
AB Postoperative liver failure (PHLF) is one of the most common complications following major hepatectomy. The preoperative assessment of future liver remnant (FLR) function is critical to predict the incidence of PHLF.
"AB Few studies have investigated the extent to which diet predicts body Cd concentrations among women of reproductive age, and pregnant women in particular. The aim of this study was to examine diet as a predictor of blood Cd concentrations in pregnant women participating in the UK Avon Longitudinal Study of Parents and Children (ALSPAC). Whole blood samples were analysed for Cd (median 0.26 (IQR 0.14-0.54) mu g/L). Dietary pattern scores were derived from principal components analysis of data from a food frequency questionnaire. Associations between dietary pattern scores and foods/food groups with blood Cd >= median value were identified using adjusted logistic regression (n = 2169 complete cases). A health conscious dietary pattern was associated with a reduced likelihood of B-Cd >= 0.26 mu g/l (OR 0.56 (95% CI 0.39-0.81)). There were similarly reduced likelihoods for all leafy green and green vegetables (0.72 (0.56-0.92) when consumed >= 4 times/week vs <= 1 to >= 3 times/week) and with all meats (0.66 (0.46-0.95) when consumed >= 4 times/week vs <= once in 2 weeks). Sensitivity analysis excluding smokers showed similar results. The evidence from this study provides continued support for a healthy and varied diet in pregnancy, incorporating foods from all food groups in accordance with national recommendations, without the need for specific guidance."
"AB Objectives: To examine the relationships between tea consumption habits and incident neurocognitive disorders (NCD) and explore potential effect modification by gender and the apolipoprotein E (APOE) genotype. Design: Population-based longitudinal study. Setting: The Singapore Longitudinal Aging Study (SLAS). Participants: 957 community-living Chinese elderly who were cognitively intact at baseline. Measurements: We collected tea consumption information at baseline from 2003 to 2005 and ascertained incident cases of neurocognitive disorders (NCD) from 2006 to 2010. Odds ratio (OR) of association were calculated in logistic regression models that adjusted for potential confounders. Results: A total of 72 incident NCD cases were identified from the cohort. Tea intake was associated with lower risk of incident NCD, independent of other risk factors. Reduced NCD risk was observed for both green tea (OR=0.43) and black/oolong tea (OR=0.53) and appeared to be influenced by the changing of tea consumption habit at follow-up. Using consistent non-tea consumers as the reference, only consistent tea consumers had reduced risk of NCD (OR=0.39). Stratified analyses indicated that tea consumption was associated with reduced risk of NCD among females (OR=0.32) and APOE epsilon 4 carriers (OR=0.14) but not males and non APOE epsilon 4 carriers. Conclusion: Regular tea consumption was associated with lower risk of neurocognitive disorders among Chinese elderly. Gender and genetic factors could possibly modulate this association."
TI Optimizing electric vehicle routing problems with mixed backhauls and
TI Exploring Factors Affecting the Yellow-Light Running Behavior of
TI A review of reverse logistics and closed loop supply chain management
TI A mathematical model for the delivery routing problem via drones
TI A fuzzy multi-objective optimization model for a sustainable reverse
TI Identification and analysis of reverse logistics barriers using fuzzy
TI Bus arrival time prediction and measure of uncertainties using survival
TI Carbon-capped Distribution Planning: A JIT Perspective
"TI Realisation of a self-powered, secured and robust disaster recovery"
TI NOVEL FUZZY MCDM MODEL FOR INVENTORY MANAGEMENT IN ORDER TO INCREASE
TI Influence of fruit logistics on fresh-cut pineapple (Ananas comosus [L.]
TI An Improved Mathematical Model for Green Lock Scheduling Problem of the
TI Green open location-routing problem considering economic and
TI Industrial symbiosis: Impact of competition on firms' willingness to
TI Application of Lean Agile Resilient Green Paradigm Framework on China
TI Exploring decisive factors in green supply chain practices under
TI Is Neighborhood Green Space Associated With Less Frailty? Evidence From
TI Integrated scheduling of suppliers and multi-project activities for
TI Does Green Public Procurement lead to Life Cycle Costing (LCC) adoption?
TI Farmers' perceptions of developing forest based bioenergy in China
TI Comparisons of interactive fuzzy programming approaches for closed-loop
TI Egyptian public's concern for global warming The influence of
TI Reverse channel choice in a closed-loop supply chain with new and
TI Are consumers sensitive to large retailers' sustainable practices? A
"TI Optimizing Thermal Processing of Broccoli: Model Development, Numerical"
TI Three-Echelon Green Supply Chain Inventory Decision for Imperfect
TI Impact of congestion pricing schemes on costs and emissions of
TI Spring green-up date derived from GIMMS3g and SPOT-VGT NDVI of winter
TI FUNCTIONAL RESPONSE OF CHRYSOPERLA CARNEA (NEUROPTERA: CHRYSOPIDAE) ON
TI Quantifying the yellow signal driver behavior based on naturalistic data
TI Can Renewable Energy Replace Nuclear Power in Korea? An Economic
TI Spatiotemporal Analysis of the Controlling Factors of Forest Covers
TI Green logistics under imperfect production system: A Rough age based
"TI Association between urban environment and mental health in Brussels,"
TI Contribution of green manufacturing for realizing business performance
TI Undeveloped green space and free-time physical activity in 11 to
TI Intake of Coffee Associated With Decreased Depressive Symptoms Among
TI Linking remotely sensed Urban Green Space (UGS) distribution patterns
TI Association between the time patterns of urban green space visitations
TI Improving competitiveness level of Turkish intermodal ports in the Frame
TI ALPlat criterion for the resection of hepatocellular carcinoma based on
TI Technology selection in green supply chains - the effects of additive
TI Mean-Variance Analysis for Optimal Operation and Supply Chain
TI Green Tea Consumption May Be Associated with Cardiovascular Disease Risk
TI A bibliometric analysis of comparative research on the evolution of
TI Mathematical modeling for green supply chain considering product
TI Optimal Sites for Supermicrosurgical Lymphaticovenular Anastomosis: An
TI A robust green traffic-based routing problem for perishable products
TI Adoption of green supply chain management practices through
TI How to motivate the producers' green innovation in WEEE recycling in
TI Neighborhood Social and Built Environment and Disparities in the Risk of
TI Effect of Autoclave Pretreatment on Biogas Production through Anaerobic
TI Moving Towards Electrification of Workers' Transportation: Identifying
TI Inventory management under joint product recovery and cap-and-trade
TI The impact of hydro-biofuel-wind energy consumption on environmental
TI Developing green supply chain management taxonomy-based decision support
TI Carbon emission-compliance green location-inventory problem with demand
TI Exploring the impact of signal types and adjacent vehicles on drivers'
TI Color preference and contributing factors of urban architecture based on
"TI Public park attributes, park visits, and associated health status"
TI Remanufactured products purchase intentions and behaviour: Evidence from
TI End of life aircrafts recovery and green supply chain (a conceptual
TI An analytical model to investigate the economic and environmental
TI Spring growth stage detection in Italian ryegrass field using a
"TI Green, Yellow, and Woody Biomass Supply-Chain Management: A Review"
TI Review of Health Prognostics and Condition Monitoring of Electronic
TI Neighbourhood social and physical environment and general practitioner
TI Solving the Multi-Depot Green Vehicle Routing Problem by a Hybrid
TI Green and sustainable closed-loop supply chain network design under
TI Positive solutions of semilinear problems in an exterior domain of R2
TI Functional modeling for green biomass supply chains
TI A simheuristic for routing electric vehicles with limited driving ranges
TI Individual and Neighborhood Factors Associated With Functional Mobility
TI Potential Use of Oil Palm Fronds for Papermaking and Application as
TI Reverse Logistics Network-Based Multiperiod Optimization for
TI Optimal Strategies for CLSC considering Supply Disruption and Carbon Tax
TI Growing green? Forecasting CO2 emissions with Environmental Kuznets
TI Factors in Color Fundus Photographs That Can Be Used by Humans to
TI SCHEDULING OF TRAFFIC ENTITIES UNDER REDUCED TRAFFIC FLOW BY MEANS OF
TI Sustainable consumption from the consumer's perspective: Antecedents of
"TI Green-blood supply chain network design: Robust optimization, bounded"
"AB The aim of this research is to consider the issue of sustainability in designing a blood supply chain network by presenting a multi objective mixed integer mathematical programming model that aims to simultaneously minimize the total cost of the supply chain network and the total environmental impacts of the activities of the supply chain network. As the nature of supplying the blood by the donors and also demand for the blood product are uncertain, a robust optimization approach is applied in the model to deal with this type of uncertainty. To convert the proposed multi objective model into a single objective one, the bounded objective function method is used. Then, as the presented mathematical model is a complicated mixed integer linear programming model, an algorithm based on the Lagrangian relaxation approach is proposed to solve the model. At the end, a computational study is done to present the competency of the proposed Lagrangian relaxation algorithm."
TI Differences in Sustainable Management Between Four- and Five-Star Hotels
TI Profile of livestock farmers from Tocantins and green cattle breeding
TI Drivers and approaches to the circular economy in manufacturing firms
TI Predictive analysis of electronic waste for reverse logistics
TI Logistics Design for Mobile Battery Energy Storage Systems
TI Neighborhood impacts on household participation in payments for
TI Effect of menthol cigarette and other menthol tobacco product bans on
   tobacco purchases in the RTI iShoppe virtual convenience store
"AB Objective To test how a potential US ban of menthol products or replacement with 'green' products and ads could influence tobacco purchases. Methods US adult menthol smokers (N=1197) were recruited via an online panel and randomly assigned to complete a shopping task in one of four versions (experimental conditions) of the RTI iShoppe virtual store: (1) no ban, (2) replacement of menthol cigarettes and ads with green replacement versions, (3) menthol cigarette ban and (4) all menthol tobacco product ban. Logistic regressions assessed the effect of condition on tobacco purchases. Results Participants in the menthol cigarette ban (OR=0.67, 95% CI 0.48 to 0.92) and all menthol product ban conditions (OR=0.60, 95% CI 0.43 to 0.83) were less likely to purchase cigarettes of any type than participants in the no ban condition. Participants in the green replacement (OR=1.74, 95% CI 1.13 to 2.70), menthol cigarette ban (OR=3.40, 95% CI 2.14 to 5.41) and all menthol product ban conditions (OR=3.14, 95% CI 1.97 to 5.01) were more likely to purchase a cigarette brand different from their usual brand than participants in the no ban condition. Conclusions Our findings suggest that menthol bans could have great public health impact by reducing cigarette purchases. However, tobacco marketing strategies, such as creating green (or other replacement) versions of menthol cigarettes, may undermine public health benefits of a menthol ban by prompting purchases of non-menthol cigarettes. Our findings highlight the importance of taking tobacco marketing tactics into consideration in tobacco product regulation."
TI Exploring park visitor perceptions of 'flowering bee lawns' in
TI Association between sleep period time and dietary patterns in Brazilian
TI A new model for assessing the impact of the urban intelligent
TI Analytical procedures for short chain chlorinated paraffins
TI The Association between Osteoarthritis and Occupational Clusters in the
TI Performance of green supply chain management: A systematic review and
TI Cytological markers for predicting ALK-positive pulmonary adenocarcinoma
TI Designing a multi-objective green supply chain network for an automotive
TI Modifiable factors associated with symptomatic knee osteoarthritis: The
TI Association of tea drinking and dysmenorrhoea among reproductive-age
TI Fuzzy DEMATEL-based green supply chain management performance:
"TI Impact of COVID-19 pandemic on logistics performance, economic growth"
TI The Joint Effects of Some Beverages Intake and Smoking on Chronic
TI DIVISION OF ENVIRONMENTALLY SUSTAINABLE SOLUTIONS IN WAREHOUSE
TI Prevalence and Clustering Patterns of Pro-Environmental Behaviors among
TI Usage and perception of urban green space of older adults in the
TI The Association Between Urban Tree Cover and Gun Assault: A Case-Control
"TI Change management for sustainability: Evaluating the role of human,"
TI Open access to journal articles in dentistry: Prevalence and citation
TI Victory Prediction of Ladies Professional Golf Association Players:
TI Tea consumption and health-related quality of life in older adults
TI A tabu search algorithm to solve a green logistics bi-objective bi-level
TI LIGHT OPTIMIZATION FOR AN LED-BASED CANDLING SYSTEM AND DETECTION
TI Performance evaluation of green suppliers using entropy-TOPSIS-F
TI Benchmarking the risk assessment in green supply chain using fuzzy
TI Logistic Models for Simulating the Growth of Plants by Defining the
TI Bottom-up model for the sustainability assessment of rooftop-farming
TI Association between coffee and green tea intake and pneumonia among the
TI Model selection in Bayesian framework to identify the best WorldView-2
TI Robust network design for sustainable-resilient reverse logistics
TI The economy that runs on waste: accumulation in the circular city
TI Tire forward and reverse supply chain design considering customer
TI Biomass logistics and environmental impact modelling for sugar-ethanol
"TI The contribution of travel-related urban zones, cycling and pedestrian"
TI LEAN INTEGRATION IN MAINTENANCE LOGISTICS MANAGEMENT: A NEW SUSTAINABLE
TI Exploring the differential roles of environmental and social
TI Developing a bi-objective model of the closed-loop supply chain network
TI Changing Port Governance Model: Port Spatial Structure and Trade
TI A Novel Planning Method of Urban Building Wastes for Environment
TI When risks need attention: adoption of green supply chain initiatives in
TI Equilibrium and kinetic studies of azo dye molecules biosorption on
TI Multi-criteria decision making approaches for green supply chains: a
TI Optimizing early detection strategies: defining the effective attraction
TI Natural Environments and Childhood Experiences Promoting Physical
"TI A rapid, reproducible, noninvasive predictor of liver graft survival"
TI Conjoint effect of microwave irradiation and metal nanoparticles on
TI Evaluation of the reverse logistics performance in civil construction
TI Heterogeneous Urban Exposures and Prevalent Hypertension in the Helsinki
TI Drivers' Phone Use Behavior at Red Traffic Signals
TI The Impacts of Carbon Tariff on Green Supply Chain Design
TI Using Fuzzy Sets and Markov Chain Method to Carry out Inventory
TI Adherence to treatment with oral antineoplastic therapy in outpatients
TI Multi-echelon green open-location-routing problem: A robust-based
TI A systematic literature review on green supply chain management:
TI Neighbourhood Influences on Children's Weight-related Behaviours and
TI ANALYSIS AND ASSESSMENT OF THE REGULARITY OF MASS URBAN PASSENGER
TI Using cost change estimates in a local search heuristic for the
TI A conceptual model of sustainable supply chain management in small and
TI Urban Environment and Health: A Cross-Sectional Study of the Influence
TI Optimal Operation for Green Supply Chain with Quality of Recyclable
TI Effects of air pollution and green spaces on impaired lung function in
TI The relationship between green supply chain management and performance:
TI On-Line Vehicle Routing Problems for Carbon Emissions Reduction
TI A dual-channel network design model in a green supply chain considering
TI Navigating the plant cell: intracellular transport logistics in the
TI Urban bus fleet-to-route assignment for pollutant emissions minimization
TI An accelerated benders decomposition algorithm for a bi-objective green
TI Understanding Customer Behavior in Multi-Tier Demand Response Management
TI Smart logistics: distributed control of green crowdsourced parcel
TI Capacity and production planning with carbon emission constraints
TI Residential urban greenspace and hypertension: A comparative study in
TI Green tea consumption and risk of type 2 diabetes in Chinese adults: the
TI IMPACT OF REVERSE LOGISTICS BARRIERS ON SUSTAINABLE FIRM PERFORMANCE VIA
TI A Nearest Neighbor Algorithm to Optimize Recycling Networks
TI Analysis of DNA Image Encryption Effect by Logistic-Sine System Combined
TI A Linear Programming Optimization Model of Woody Biomass Logistics
TI Environmental impact of warehousing: a scenario analysis for the United
TI Lagrangian heuristic algorithm for green multi-product production
TI The after-sales strategy of an industrial equipment manufacturer:
TI Qat use and esophageal cancer in Ethiopia: A pilot case-control study
TI A Multi-Objective Green Hub Location Problem with Multi Item-Multi
"AB This paper investigates a bi-objective green hub location problem, in which multiple perishable products with various storage temperatures can be distributed simultaneously in a cold supply chain (CSC). The objectives of this problem include minimizing the system's total cost (including transportation, hub establishment, adjustment of the storage compartments' temperatures, and carbon emission costs) and maximizing the quality of the delivered product to the customer via the proposed model. Mixed-integer linear programming (MILP) in the GAMS software was employed to formulate this problem. Then, the e-Constraint method was adopted to solve the presented bi-objective model to obtain the Pareto frontier and consequently, a numerical example based on the CAB (Civil Aeronautics Board) database is presented to validate the applicability of the model. The solutions of the model provide information regarding the hub location (HL), allocating customers to the hubs, allocating customers to the vehicles, and the sequence of vehicles' services for the Multi Item-Multi Temperature Joint Distribution of perishable products in CSCs. Moreover, the final results revealed the existence of a contradictory exchange between the two objectives of this paper, implying that the higher is the quality of the delivered perishable product to the customer, the greater is the system's total cost. The novelty of the proposed model compared to other hub location problems (HLPs) lies in the integration of the tactical/operational decisions with strategic decisions to provide logistic solutions in CSCs by considering the carbon emissions as an environmental factor in the transportation systems for the simultaneous distribution of dissimilar storage temperatures perishable products within a CSC. The proposed model in this research can help the distributers of perishable products by maintaining the quality of the delivered items and reducing the system's total costs and considering the carbon emissions of transportation systems. This study has practical implications for the logistics and CSCs managers to not only establish a distribution network for multiple perishable products on the basis of the findings, but also respond to the environmental sustainability. (C) 2021 Institution of Chemical Engineers. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
TI From intuition to intelligence: a text mining-based approach for movies'
TI LRN 2016 SPECIAL - the antecedents and consequences of reduction within
TI Joint optimization of green vehicle scheduling and routing problem with
TI Online Survey of Driver Comprehension of the Flashing Yellow Arrow for
TI Use of MCDM techniques in environmentally conscious manufacturing and
"AB Increasing environmental awareness of customers and stricter environmental regulations by local governments force manufacturers to invest in environmentally conscious manufacturing which involves the application of green principles to all phases of a product's life cycle from conceptual design to final delivery to consumers, and ultimately to the end of life (EOL) disposal. They also setup facilities for product recovery which is the recovery of materials and components from returned or EOL products via disassembly, recycling and remanufacturing. To address these new issues efficiently, multi criteria decision making (MCDM) techniques are used in order to evaluate the economic and environmental indicators. This paper presents over 190 MCDM studies in environmentally conscious manufacturing and product recovery (ECMPRO) by classifying them into three major categories. Insights from the review and future research directions conclude the paper. (C) 2015 The Society of Manufacturing Engineers. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
TI Urban tree survival and stewardship in a state-managed planting
TI Remote Sensing Phenology of Antarctic Green and Red Snow Algae Using
TI Who should lead raw materials collection considering regulatory pressure
TI The relationship between tree canopy and social capital on physical
TI Toward Future Green Maritime Transportation: An Overview of Seaport
TI Associations of the perceived neighborhood environment and screen time
TI Probability of detection modelling in eddy current NDE of flaws
TI Integrating corporate website information into qualitative assessment
TI Variable neighborhood strategy adaptive search for solving green
TI A Humanitarian Green Supply Chain Management Considering Minimum Cost
"TI A two-dimensional, two-level framework for achieving corporate"
TI INVENTORY ROUTING ANALYSIS FOR MARITIME LNG SUPPLY OF GERMAN PORTS
TI Multi-objective decision model for green supply chain management
TI Changes in Phenolic Compounds and Phytotoxicity of the Spanish-Style
TI Influence of the Built Environment on Community Flood Resilience:
TI Perspectives for Greening European Fossil-Fuel Infrastructures Through
TI A mixed-method approach for modelling customer-centric mobile phone
TI Are small carnivores urban avoiders or adapters: Can they be used as
TI A multiobjective model for the green capacitated location-routing
TI Green profit maximization through integrated pricing and production
TI Risk of empty lymph node packets in sentinel lymph node mapping for
TI Drivers of green supply chain initiatives and performance Evidence from
TI Fruit and vegetable consumption and its relation to risk of asthenopia
TI Relationships between Characteristics of Urban Green Land Cover and
TI Assessing green supply chain practices in Bangladesh using fuzzy
TI A green delivery-pickup problem for home hemodialysis machines; sharing
TI Comparison of machine learning methods for citrus greening detection on
TI Port sustainability and performance: A systematic literature review
TI Green integrated process for mitigation of municipal and industrial
"TI The Role of Urban Environment, Social and Health Determinants in the"
TI Proximity to Facilities and Its Association with the Health-Related
TI The use of an optimisation model to design a green supply chain A case
TI Novel robust fuzzy programming for closed-loop supply chain network
TI On evaluation of supply chain's ecosilient (g-resilient) performance
TI Hydrothermal co-liquefaction of chlorella vulgaris with food processing
TI Green supply chain management: theoretical framework and further
TI Designing a sustainable maritime supply chain: A hybrid QFD-ANP approach
TI Key Factors Affecting Informed Consumers' Willingness to Pay for Green
TI Integrated textile material and production management in a fuzzy
TI A two-stage model for monitoring the green supplier performance
TI Examining consumer attitudes toward genetically modified and organic
TI Spatial distribution of vegetation in and around city blocks on the
TI Bioretention planter performance measured by lag and capture
TI Impact of the Social and Natural Environment on Preschool-Age Children
TI Green environment and incident depression in South Africa: a geospatial
TI A Scientometric Review of Resource Recycling Industry
TI Critical success factors for reverse logistics in Indian industries: a
TI Evaluating the role of commercial parking bays for urban stakeholders on
TI Genome-wide study of key genes and scoring system as potential
TI The integration of passenger and freight transport for first-last mile
TI Quality assurance in reverse logistics supply chain of demolition waste:
"TI Implementation of the ""sponge city"" development plan in China: An"
TI Identifying the main physical and socioeconomic drivers of illegal
TI Clinical and Multimodal Imaging Clues in Differentiating Between
TI Low carbon supply chain: a state-of-the-art literature review
TI Integrated Optimization of Sustainable Transportation and Inventory with
TI ECO-ECO Recycling Models and Application of their Principles into the
TI Layout design of a mixed-flow production line based on processing energy
TI Factors driving the implementation of reverse logistics: A quantified
TI Guiding cities to pursue a smart mobility paradigm: An example from
TI An examination of drivers and barriers to reducing carbon emissions in
TI Inventory Routing Problem in Perishable Supply Chains: A Literature
TI Cellulose synthesis in coloured cotton
TI Strategic issues in pharmaceutical supply chains: a review
TI The intellectual structure of the waste management field
TI Site selection of straw collection and storage facilities considering
TI Transition management theory-based policy framework for analyzing
TI Collection of Solid Waste in Municipal Areas: Urban Logistics
TI Post-hepatectomy liver failure after major hepatic surgery: not only
TI Home range size and microhabitat selection by a tropical partridge
TI Solving a multi-objective sustainable waste collection problem
"AB Waste collection management is considered as one of the important issues in sustainable logistics design which is one of the new concepts in supply chain management. In recent years, researchers' attentions are attracted to apply green and sustainable concepts in their researches. This paper presents a novel multi-objective mathematical model considering a new collection network for waste collection problem. We are interested in the location decisions in design phase of the network and waste collection decisions in operational phase. The problem consists of activities related to collection, treatment, recycling, and disposal of hazardous wastes in multi stage network. Three objective functions including operational cost and social costs are considered, simultaneously. The model is used to evaluate fuel consumption and carbon dioxide emission and its impact on environment. A new hybrid meta-heuristic algorithm is designed to solve the problem and a new way to represent solutions is provided. Finally, experimental results are conducted and the results obtained by proposed algorithm are compared to four well-known meta-heuristic algorithms with respect to five comparison metrics. The results show the efficiency of proposed algorithm in some comparison metrics."
TI A stochastic optimisation model for biomass outsourcing in the cement
TI MIMOA: A membrane-inspired multi-objective algorithm for green vehicle
TI QR code based color image stego-crypto technique using dynamic bit
TI A new model for simulating microbial cyanide production and optimizing
TI Improved mapping and understanding of desert vegetation-habitat
TI Reverse logistics optimization of an industrial air conditioner
TI Reverse flows within the pharmaceutical supply chain: A classificatory
TI Apple growth evaluated automatically with high-definition field
TI Assessing herbicide symptoms by using a logarithmic field sprayer
TI Analysing the effect of low carbon product design on firm performance
TI Sustainable Supply Chain Management in the Automotive Industry: A
TI Proposal for a Maturity Model in Sustainability in the Supply Chain
"TI A bi-objective fleet size and mix green inventory routing problem, model"
TI A fuzzy pricing model for a green competitive closed-loop supply chain
TI Survival of Salmonella enterica and Escherichia coli O157: H7 Sprayed
TI Quantifying muskmelon fruit attributes with A-TEP-based model and
TI Generational Portrait of Spanish Society in the Face of Climate Change.
TI Developing a novel data envelopment analysis model to determine
TI Business analytics for systematically investigating sustainable food
TI Development of Green Ports with the Consideration of Coastal Wave Energy
TI Strategies for value recovery from industrial waste: case studies of six
"TI The role of urban design in childhood obesity: A case study in Lisbon,"
TI Green Supply Chain Network Design with Economies of Scale and
TI Impact of drone delivery on sustainability and cost: Realizing the UAV
TI IS TRADE LIBERALIZATION A HAZARD TO SUSTAINABLE ENVIRONMENT? FRESH
TI Development of a green integrated process for biodiesel esters
TI Column generation for stochastic green telecommunication network
TI Combining Microwave Pretreatment with Iron Oxide Nanoparticles Enhanced
TI Carbon emissions and energy effects on a two-level manufacturer-retailer
"TI Tea, coffee, and caffeinated beverage consumption and risk of epithelial"
TI Differential Pricing Decision and Coordination of Green Electronic
TI Responding to the greatest challenges? Value creation in ecological
TI Social sustainability in supply chains: clarifications and insights
TI In Pursuit of Closed-Loop Supply Chains for Critical Materials: An
TI Multi-objective inter-terminal truck routing
TI Behavioral risk factors for cardiovascular diseases in adolescents from
TI Sentinel lymph node biopsy with cervical injection of indocyanine green
TI The impact of greenspace and condition of the neighbourhood on child
TI Prevalence of anastomotic leak and the impact of indocyanine green
TI Colors of vegetables and fruits and the risks of colorectal cancer
TI Stakeholders' perceptions of appropriate nature-based solutions in the
TI China's green watch program: beyond greenwashing
TI Impacts of Climate and Management Variables on the Contamination of
TI Sentinel lymph node mapping with fluorescent and radioactive tracers in
TI The impact of dietary habits on the pathogenesis of rheumatoid
TI Heuristic method for robust optimization model for green closed-loop
TI A novel robust fuzzy mean-UPM model for green closed-loop supply chain
TI Going global: Indian adolescents' eating patterns
TI A New Paradigm for the Periphery: The Case Against Reuniting City and
TI (Near-Infrared) Fluorescence-Guided Surgery Under Ambient Light
TI Multi-depot green vehicle routing problem with shared transportation
TI Factors Affecting Blood Flow at the Tip of the Reconstructed Gastric
TI An analysis of metrics used to measure performance in green and
TI The Effect of Green Software: A Study of Impact Factors on the
TI The green vehicle routing problem: A systematic literature review
TI Climate policy and solutions for green supply chains: Europe's
TI Choice Modelling of a Car Traveler towards Park-and-Ride Services in
TI Assessing the mitigation of greenhouse gas emissions from a green
TI Association between occupational clusters and allergic rhinitis in the
TI Factors Associated with Lower Extremity Dysmorphia Caused by Lower
TI A Two Phase Integrated Fuzzy Decision-Making Framework for Green
TI Associations of serum beta-carotene and retinol concentrations with
TI Does a high intake of green leafy vegetables protect from NAFLD?
TI Rational construction of a triple emission molecular imprinting sensor
TI Association between tea consumption and cognitive impairment in
TI A robust fuzzy optimization model for carbon-efficient closed-loop
"TI Modifiable Factors Associated with Cognitive Impairment in 1,143"
TI Trade-offs in land-use competition and sustainable land development in
TI Assessment of the associated factors to the green area's attendance in a
TI Linear Parks along Urban Rivers: Perceptions of Thermal Comfort and
TI The importance of passive integrated transponder (PIT) tags for
TI Daily tea drinking is not associated with newly diagnosed non-alcoholic
TI Does environment influence childhood BMI? A longitudinal analysis of
TI Relationship Between Piercing-Sucking Insect Control and Internal Lint
TI Urban street greenery as a prevention against illegal dumping of
TI Greater vegetable variety and amount are associated with lower
TI A Logistics Management System for a Biomass-to-Energy Production Plant
TI Facility location for a closed-loop distribution network: a hybrid
TI Discrete event simulation to aid decision-making and mitigation in solid
TI Role of biomass supply chain management in sustainable bioenergy
TI Information technology for sustainable supply chain management: a
TI Future urban expansion and local climate zone changes in relation to
TI Using Machine Learning to Balance Energy Cost and Emissions in Optical
TI Optimization and Analysis of a
TI Tea consumption is associated with cognitive impairment in older Chinese
TI Deep Learning-Based Pose Estimation of Apples for Inspection in Logistic
TI The identical-path truck platooning problem
TI Metabolic outcomes of workers according to the International Standard
TI Spatiotemporal-Dependent Vehicle Routing Problem Considering Carbon
TI Effects of low carbon supply chain practices on environmental
TI A MULTI-PRODUCT MODEL FOR EVALUATING AND SELECTING TWO LAYERS OF
TI Associations between trees and grass presence with childhood asthma
TI Park availability and major depression in individuals with chronic
TI Robust optimization model for sustainable supply chain for production
TI Exposure to green space and pollen allergy symptom severity: A
"TI Neighborhood green spaces, facilities and population density as"
TI Sustainable transportation and order quantity: insights from
TI Nature as a facilitator for physical activity: Defining relationships
TI Fruit and Vegetable Co-Products as Functional Feed Ingredients in Farm
TI A Quantitative Approach for Assessing Sustainability Performance of
TI Developing benders decomposition algorithm for a green supply chain
TI How to embed environmental sustainability: The role of dynamic
TI An integrated approach for sustainable supply chain planning
TI Environmentally conscious logistics planning for food grain industry
   considering wastages employing multi objective hybrid particle swarm
TI Coordinating a green reverse supply chain in pharmaceutical sector by
TI Comparison of Eating Habits in Obese and Non-obese Filipinas Living in
TI Marketing issues for remanufactured products
"TI Hybrid robust, stochastic and possibilistic programming for closed-loop"
TI robust closed loop supply chain network design under different carbon
TI Fuel Consumption Optimization Model for the Multi-Period Inventory
TI Use of Urban Green Spaces in the Context of Lifestyle Changes during the
TI Colour and emotion: children also associate red with negative valence
TI Neighborhood Environment and Type 2 Diabetes Comorbidity in Serious
TI Enhancement of Biogas Production from Macroalgae Ulva latuca via
TI Assessing Riyadh's Urban Change Utilizing High-Resolution Imagery
TI Planning of complex supply chains: A performance comparison of three
TI A research and industry perspective on automotive logistics performance
TI Collaborative Optimization of Storage Location Assignment and Path
TI Hybrid simulation and optimization approach for green intermodal
TI Modelling and assessing sustainability of a supply chain network
   leveraging multi Echelon Bayesian Network
TI An environmentally sustainable manufacturing network model under an
TI On The consideration of carbon emissions in modelling-based supply chain
"TI Salient task environment, reverse logistics and performance"
TI Residential and school greenspace and academic performance: Evidence
TI Modeling the Underlying Drivers of Natural Vegetation Occurrence in West
TI Breast cancer screening (BCS) chart: a basic and preliminary model for
TI Identifying the driving forces of non-grain production expansion in
TI Simplifying Logistics and Avoiding the Unnecessary in Patients With
TI Environmental Sustainability and Energy-Efficient Supply Chain
TI Insoluble dendrimer-grafted poly(vinylimidazole) microbeads stabilized
TI Analysis of exopolysaccharide production patterns of Cordyceps militaris
TI Exploring future cityscapes through urban logistics prototyping: a
"TI Sustainable supply chain modeling and analysis: Past debate, present"
TI External costs as competitive factor for affirmation of the Rijeka -
TI ENGINERING SCIENTIFIC METHODS OF ENERGY AND RESOURCE EFFECTIVE INTENSIVE
TI Microwave intensified extraction: A holistic approach for extraction of
TI Multi-objective optimization considering quality concepts in a green
"AB This study proposes a new multi-objective mathematical model in pharmaceutical supply chain for natural disaster response considering quality, green concepts. The proposed model includes three objective functions. The first minimizes total manufacturing costs including production costs, purchasing costs, opening manufacturing plant costs, opening distribution centers costs, transportation costs and cost of poor quality (appraisal and prevention costs). The second minimizes environmental effects of products and transportations. The third maximizes humanitarian forces. Before disaster occurrence, to efficiently predict the objective functions values, we apply the back propagation (BP)-neural network, hybrid genetic algorithm (GA)-artificial neural network and particle swarm optimization (PSO). Finally, the effectiveness of the proposed solution shows the proposed multi objective optimization technique and its feasibility to be adopted as suitable methodology. The obtained results illustrate that the BP had high performance, which its R (2) was 0.99. Managerial implications of this research focus on improving the efficiency and effectiveness of the healthcare supply chain for natural disaster response: saving time, minimizing costs, minimizing environmental impact, utilizing resources more effectively (e.g. financial, human, technical, assets, transportation), showing social responsibility for communities affected by the disaster and continuously improving healthcare supply chain management."
"TI Assessment of green supply chain management practices, performance,"
TI Determinants of sustainable supply chain management: A case study from
TI Impact of tea drinking upon tuberculosis: a neglected issue
TI Prevalence and factors associated with therapeutic non-adherence in
TI Detection of Brain Hypoxia Based on Noninvasive Optical Monitoring of
TI Artificial intelligence-based plant environment detection in coastal
TI Modeling of urban growth in tsunami-prone city using logistic
TI Heterogeneous fleet recyclables collection routing optimization in a
TI An Agent-Based Model Driven Decision Support System for Reactive
"TI Immediate and 15-Week Correlates of Individual Commitment to a ""Green"
TI LOGISTIC ASPECTS OF THE ECOLOGICAL IMPACT INDICATORS OF AN AGRICULTURAL
TI Green-depressing cropping system: A referential land use practice for
TI Do e-commerce customers change their preferred last-mile delivery based
TI A multi-objective integrated model for closed-loop supply chain
TI Improving Food Supply Chain Management by a Sustainable Approach to
TI Multi-objective sustainable opened- and closed-loop supply chain under
TI Research on Color Space Perceptions and Restorative Effects of Blue
TI A lightweight and efficient digital image encryption using hybrid
TI A detailed MILP formulation for the optimal design of advanced biofuel
"AB The optimal design of a biomass supply chain is a complex problem, which must take into account multiple interrelated factors (i.e the spatial distribution of the network nodes, the efficient planning of logistics activities, etc.). Mixed Integer Linear Programming has proven to be an effective mathematical tool for the optimization of the design and the management strategy of Advanced Biofuel Supply Chains (ABSC). This work presents a MILP formulation of the economical optimization of ABSC design, comprising the definition of the associated weekly management plan. A general modeling approach is proposed with a network structure comprising two intermediate echelons (storage and conversion facilities) and accounts for train and truck freight transport. The model is declined for the case of a multi feedstock ABSC for green methanol production tested on the Italian case study. Residual biomass feedstocks considered are woodchips from primary forestry residues, grape pomace, and exhausted olive pomace. The calculated cost of methanol is equal to 418.7 & euro;/t with conversion facility cost accounting for 50% of the fuel cost share while transportation and storage costs for around 15%. When considering only woodchips the price of methanol increases to 433.4 & euro;/t outlining the advantages of multi-feedstock approach."
TI Spatiotemporal Mapping and Monitoring of Mangrove Forests Changes From
TI An Integrated Hybrid Approach for Circular supplier selection and Closed
TI Spatial Potential Accessibility of Playgrounds in Barcelona City
TI Visualizing Sustainable Supply Chain Management: A Systematic
TI Characterizing the generation and spatial patterns of carbon emissions
TI Optimization of a three-echelon cold chain considering freshness-keeping
TI Momentary mood response to natural outdoor environments in four European
TI Evaluating barriers to implementing green supply chain management: An
TI Lymphatic vessel diameter in female pelvic cancer-related lower
TI Indocyanine Green Clearance Test for the Preoperative Assessment of
TI The application of traffic-light food labelling in a worksite canteen
TI Assessing health impacts of an environmental pan-African development
TI Determinants of anemia among pregnant mothers attending antenatal care
"TI Surrounding greenness, proximity to city parks and pregnancy outcomes in"
"TI Fruit and vegetable intake, physical activity, and depressive symptoms"
"TI Consumers' perceptions, purchase intention, and willingness to pay a"
"TI Green supply chain management pressures, practices and performance: a"
TI Improved Appropriateness of Advanced Diagnostic Imaging After
TI Balanced primary sex ratios and resilience to climate change in a major
TI Prediction of discomfort glare from windows under tropical skies
"TI Integrated indicator to evaluate vehicle performance across: Safety,"
TI Utility of carapace images for long-term photographic identification of
TI Referral pattern for urologic malignancies before and during the
TI Use of Different Vegetable Products to Increase Preschool-Aged
TI Structural Characteristics of Tree Cover and the Association with
TI The influence of environmental attitudes and perceived effectiveness on
TI Grain production management to reduce global warming potential under
"TI Beyond 'Liberals' and 'Conservatives': Complexity in Ideology, Moral"
TI Towards real-time assessment of convergence criteria in seismic
TI Socioeconomic evaluation of green energy investments Analyzing citizens'
TI The green location-routing problem
TI Moving to Serene Nature May Prevent Poor Mental Health-Results from a
TI Self-management of greenhouse gas and air pollutant emissions in
TI Green Activity-Based Costing Production Planning and Scenario Analysis
"TI Chilling injury, fruit color maturity stages, and antioxidant enzyme"
TI CARBON EMISSION MANAGEMENT FOR GREENING SUPPLY CHAINS AT THE OPERATIONAL
TI Exploring Multiple Motivations on Urban Residents' Travel Mode Choices:
TI Proximal Sensing of Nitrogen Needs by Spring Wheat
TI Reduced graphene oxide induces cytotoxicity and inhibits photosynthetic
TI Dietary patterns derived by reduced rank regression (RRR) and depressive
TI Environmental Quality Perceptions and Health: A Cross-Sectional Study of
TI Optimizing inventory decisions for a closed-loop supply chain model
TI External validation of a clinical risk score to predict hospital
TI A systematic literature review of closed-loop supply chains
TI A Framework for Increasing Sustainability in Services
TI Fuzzy multi-objective sustainable and green closed-loop supply chain
TI Sustainable Entrepreneurship in the Transport and Retail Supply Chain
TI A Novel Closed-Loop Supply Chain Network Design Considering Enterprise
TI Cleaner supply-chain management practices for twenty-first-century
TI Modeling of Rice Bran Oil Yield and Bioactive Compounds Obtained Using
TI Analyzing the diffusion of eco-friendly vans for urban freight
TI Optimal number of remanufacturing in a circular economy platform
TI Sustainable closed-loop supply chain for dairy industry with robust and
TI DUST DEPOSITION CALCULATION FOR PANNELS ROBOTIZED CLEANING AND
TI Environmental Sustainability in Freight Transportation: A Systematic
TI Explaining Environmental Sustainability in Supply Chains Using Graph
TI 50th Anniversary Invited Article Goods Distribution with Electric
TI Examining the Temperature Dependence of Louche Formation in Absinthe
TI Buyer-driven greening? Cargo-owners and environmental upgrading in
TI Predicting Public Bicycle Adoption Using the Technology Acceptance Model
TI A sustainable closed-loop supply chain in a two-period: a game theory
TI Interactions between macromolecule-bound antioxidants and Trolox during
TI Study on analysing the criteria's for selection of shipping carriers in
TI Configurations of environmental management strategy: evidence from the
TI Change point estimation of deciduous forest land surface phenology
TI Drivers and barriers of reverse logistics practices: A study of large
"TI LARG supplier selection based on integrating house of quality, Taguchi"
TI Vegetable Farming and Farmers' Livelihood: Insights from Kathmandu
TI The Cognitive and Economic Value of a Nuclear Power Plant in Korea
TI Sustainable freight transport optimisation through synchromodal networks
TI Influence of Acid Adaptation on the Probability of Germination of
TI Supply chain network design considering sustainable development
TI Analysis of advertising and a points-exchange incentive in a reverse
TI A game theoretic incentive model for closed-loop solar cell supply chain
TI En bloc resection improves the identification of muscularis mucosae in
TI MICRO-DETERMINANTS OF THE INDIVIDUALS WILLING TO SUPPORT PROJECTS
TI Forecasting the number of end-of-life vehicles using a hybrid model
TI Introducing Temperature as Variable Parameter into Kinetic Models for
TI Levels of polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons in umbilical cord and risk of
TI Information sharing in reverse logistics supply chain of demolition
TI Spatial and temporal trends of forest cover as a response to policy
TI Forecasting product returns and reverse logistics performance:
TI Environmentally responsible freight transport service providers'
TI Sustainable supply chains in the Indian context: An integrative
TI Key resources for industry 4.0 adoption and its effect on sustainable
TI Developing a hybrid evaluation approach for the low carbon performance
TI Optimal Design and Operation of the green pistachio supply network: A
TI A GIS-Based Model to Assess the Potential of Wastewater Treatment Plants
TI Eco-cities as an Assemblage of Worlding Practices
TI A review on sustainable urban vehicle routing
TI An applied framework to evaluate the impact of indoor office
TI A Vegetable Dietary Pattern Is Associated with Lowered Risk of
TI Forests Growth Monitoring Based on Tree Canopy 3D Reconstruction Using
TI Application of Type-2 Fuzzy Logic to a Multiobjective Green Solid
TI An integrated framework for sustainable supplier selection and
TI Investigation of the influential strength of factors on adoption of
TI The Predictive Value of Indocyanine Green Clearance in Future Liver
TI Maternal Diet During Pregnancy and Blood Cadmium Concentrations in an
TI TEA CONSUMPTION REDUCES THE INCIDENCE OF NEUROCOGNITIVE DISORDERS:
