"AB Background Air pollution, green space and smoking are known to affect human health. However, less is known about their underlying biological mechanisms. One of these mechanisms could be biological aging. In this study, we explore the mediation of biomarkers of exposure and biological aging to explain the associations between environmental exposures, health behavior and mental health. Methods The study population of this cross-sectional study (n = 1168) is a subsample of the Belgian 2018 Health Interview Survey (BHIS). Mental health indicators including psychological and severe psychological distress, life satisfaction, vitality, eating disorders, suicidal ideation, subjective health and depressive and anxiety disorders, demographics and health behavior such as smoking are derived from the BHIS. Urine and blood samples are collected to measure respectively the biomarkers of exposure (urinary black carbon (BC) and (hydroxy)cotinine) and the biomarkers of biological aging (mitochondrial DNA content (mtDNAc) and telomere length (TL)). Recent and chronic exposure (mu g/m(3)) to nitrogen dioxide (NO2), particulate matter <= 2.5 mu m (PM2.5) and <= 10 mu m (PM10) and BC at the participants' residence are modelled using a high resolution spatial temporal interpolation model. Residential green space is defined in buffers of different size (50 m - 5000 m) using land cover data in ArcGIS 10 software. For the statistical analysis multivariate linear and logistic regressions as well as mediation analyses are used taking into account a priori selected covariates and confounders. Results As this study combined data of BHIS and laboratory analyses, not all data is available for all participants. Therefore, data analyses will be conducted on different subsets. Data on air pollution and green space exposure is available for all BHIS participants. Questions on smoking and mental health were answered by respectively 7829 and 7213 BHIS participants. For biomarker assessment, (hydroxy) cotinine, urinary BC and the biomarkers of biological aging are measured for respectively 1130, 1120 and 985 participants. Conclusion By use of personal markers of air pollution and smoking, as well as biological aging, we will gain knowledge about the association between environmental exposures, health behavior, and the mental health status. The results of the study can provide insights on the health of the Belgian population, making it a nationwide interesting study."
"AB The concrete manufacturing supply chain is one of the most carbon-intensive systems in the construction industry. Decision-making based on a multi-objective approach that accommodates the environmental impacts of concrete manufacturing has been rarely investigated. To fill this gap, a sustainable closedloop supply chain (SCLSC) model was conceived to capture the effect of different circular systems. The proposed model consists of different sub-systems including customers, suppliers, and manufacturing and recycling stations. An evolutionary-based algorithm named non-dominated sorting genetic algorithm was incorporated to solve the solutions. The SCLSC model was implemented on two scenarios based on inhouse or outside recycling plants to minimize the quarry of natural resources, the transportation cost, and the greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. General Algebraic Modeling System (GAMS) programming software was used to validate the model and to verify the obtained results from the model. The Pareto solution results show that larger incorporation of recycled aggregates in concrete production can lower the excavation of quarries. Furthermore, although a decision for incorporating a green (net-zero GHG) cement contributes to reducing the GHG emissions of the supply chain, the transportation distance determines whether the demand would be supplied from the green cement source. The provision of an in-house concrete recycling unit can reduce the GHG emissions of the supply chain by 14% while the cost and virgin aggregate demand increase by 24% and 16%, respectively compared to a system that has an outside recycling plant. The validation process shows that the GAMS software needs additional steps to conduct the multi-objective Pareto solutions. Similar values were obtained from the proposed algorithm compared to the outcome of GAMS. The computational results prove the capability of the proposed SCLSC model and the applicability of the implemented solution approach. This approach can facilitate the decisionmaking process due to its effectiveness in improving customers' economic motivations and in reducing the environmental impacts. (C) 2021 Institution of Chemical Engineers. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB PurposeThis study aimed to quantitatively evaluate colon perfusion patterns using indocyanine green (ICG) angiography to find the most reliable predictive factor of anastomotic complications after laparoscopic colorectal surgery.MethodsLaparoscopic fluorescence imaging was applied to colorectal cancer patients (n=86) from July 2015 to December 2017. ICG (0.25mg/kg) was slowly injected into peripheral blood vessels, and the fluorescence intensity of colonic flow was measured sequentially, producing perfusion graphs using a video analysis and modeling tool. Colon perfusion patterns were categorized as either fast, moderate, or slow based on their fluorescence slope, T-1/2MAX and time ratio (TR=T-1/2MAX/T-MAX). Clinical factors and quantitative perfusion factors were analyzed to identify predictors for anastomotic complications.ResultsThe mean age of patients was 65.4years, and the male-to-female ratio was 63:23. Their operations were laparoscopic low anterior resection (55 cases) and anterior resection (31 cases). The incidence of anastomotic complication was 7%, including colonic necrosis (n=1), anastomotic leak (n=3), delayed pelvic abscess (n=1), and delayed anastomotic dehiscence (n=1). Based on quantitative analysis, the fluorescence slope, T-1/2MAX, and TR were related with anastomotic complications. The cut-off value of TR to categorize the perfusion pattern was determined to be 0.6, as shown by ROC curve analysis (AUC 0.929, P<0.001). Slow perfusion (TR>0.6) was independent factor for anastomotic complications in a logistic regression model (OR 130.84; 95% CI 6.45-2654.75; P=0.002). Anastomotic complications were significantly correlated with the novel factor TR (>0.6) as the most reliable predictor of perfusion and anastomotic complications.ConclusionsQuantitative analysis of ICG perfusion patterns using T-1/2MAX and TR can be applied to detect segments with poor perfusion, thereby reducing anastomotic complications during laparoscopic colorectal surgery."
"AB Investment in urban green spaces such as street trees and forest park may be viewed as both sustainable adaptation and mitigation strategies in responding to a variety of climate change issues and urban environmental problems in densely urbanized areas. Urban green landscapes can be important sources of ecosystem services (ES) having substantial contribution to the sustainability of urban areas and cities of developing countries in particular. In the highly urbanized City of Manila in the Philippines, Arroceros Forest Park (AFP) is a significant source of regulating and cultural ES. In this study the perceived level of importance of 6 urban forest ES, attitude to the forest park non-use values, and the factors influencing willingness to pay (WTP) for forest park preservation were explored through a survey conducted on January 2018 to the college students (17-28 years, n = 684) from 4 universities in the City of Manila. Survey showed that air quality regulation (mean= 3.73) and climate and temperature regulation (mean= 3.71) were the two most important urban forest ES. Binary logistic regression showed significant relationship of WTP with natural log allowance (p = 0.000), air quality regulation ES and residence (p = 0.007), and option value (p = 0.008). The protest response was mainly influenced by economic reason and reliance to the government. The natural log of the positive WTP was weakly but highly significantly correlated with the natural log of students' allowance (r = 0.193, p = 0.000). Male students had higher WTP than female despite the lower allowance of male students. This study provided evidence that pro-environment decision was significantly influenced by attitude and socio-economic factors. The high importance value of air quality regulation, climate and temperature regulation, bequest value, and ecological value may be viewed as the students' demand for these urban green ES."
"AB The change interval, which includes the yellow and all-red times, plays a crucial role in the safety and operation of signalized intersections. During this interval, drivers not only need to decide to stop or go but also have to interact with drivers both in front and behind, trying to avoid conflicting decisions. Red light running and inconsistent stopping behavior may increase the risk for angular and rear-end crashes. This study aims to investigate the effect of different innovative countermeasures on red light running prevention and safe stopping behavior at signalized intersections. Five different conditions were tested inviting sixty-seven volunteers with a valid driving license. The conditions include a default traffic signal setting (control condition), flashing green signal setting (F-green), red LED ground lights integrated with a traffic signal (R-LED), yellow interval countdown variable message sign (C-VMS), and red light running detection camera warning gantry (RW-gantry). Drivers in each condition were exposed to two different situations based on the distance from the stop line. In the first situation, drivers were located in the indecision zone while in the second situation they were located in the likely stopping zone. A series of logistic regression analyses and linear mixed models were conducted to investigate the overall safety effects of the different countermeasures. The probability of red light running (RLR) was significantly reduced for R-LED in both analyses (i.e. in the total sample, and in the sample of crossed vehicles). Moreover, a clearly inconsistent stopping behavior was observed for the flashing green condition. Furthermore, a unit increase in speed (kph) at the onset of yellow interval significantly increases the probability of RLR by 5.3 %."
"AB The aim of this study was to analyze the effect of ZnO nanoparticles (ZnO NPs) on the biogas production from mechanically treated barley straw and to perform a techno-economic analysis based on the costs assessment and on the results of biogas production. The structural changes of mechanically pretreated barley straw were observed using FTIR, XRD, TGA, and SEM. Additionally, both green ZnO NPs prepared from red alga (Antithamnion plumula) extract and chemically prepared ZnO NPs were characterized by FTIR, XRD, SEM, and TEM, surface area, and EDX. The results revealed that the biogas production was slightly improved by 14.9 and 13.2% when the barley straw of 0.4 mm was mechanically pretreated with 10 mg/L of both green and chemical ZnO NPs and produced 390.5 mL biogas/g VS and 385 mL biogas/g VS, respectively. On the other hand, the higher concentrations of ZnO NPs equal to 20 mg/L had an inhibitory effect on biogas production and decreased the biogas yield to 173 mL biogas/g VS, which was less than the half of previous values. It was also clear that the mechanically treated barley straw of 0.4 mm size presented a higher biogas yield of about 340 mL/g VS, in comparison to 279 mL biogas/g VS of untreated biomass. The kinetic study showed that the first order, modified Gompertz and logistic function models had the best fit with the experimental data. The results showed that the nanoparticles (NPs) of the mechanically treated barely straw are a suitable source of biomass for biogas production, and its yields are higher than the untreated barley straw. The results of the cost-benefit analysis showed that the average levelized cost of energy (LCOE), adopting the best treatments (0.4 mm + 10 mg/L ZnO), is 0.21 euro/kWh, which is not competitive with the other renewable energy systems in the Egyptian energy market."
"AB Background Context-free outcome measures, such as overall leisure-time physical activity (LTPA), are habitually applied to study the neighborhood built environment correlates of physical activity. This cross sectional study identifies and empirically tests potential methodological limitations related to the use of context-free measures and discusses how these may help in the interpretation of inconsistent associations between participation in moderate-to-vigorous LTPA and objectively measured neighborhood-level built environment attributes. Methods We employ a public participation geographic information system (PPGIS), an advanced participatory mapping method, to study the spatial distribution of moderate-to-vigorous LTPA among adult urban Finnish residents (n1322). Secondary sources of GIS land-use and sport facility data were used to disaggregate respondent-mapped LTPA by the behavioral context, such as indoor and outdoor sport facilities, green spaces, and other public open spaces. Associations between the use of the identified LTPA settings and a range of objectively measured neighborhood built environment attributes were studied with multilevel logistic regression models. Results Disaggregated by behavioral context, we observed varied and partly opposite built environment correlates for LTPA. The use of indoor and outdoor sport facilities showed no significant associations with their neighborhood availability, but were significantly associated with personal-level attributes. By contrast, participation in LTPA in green and built public open space shared significant associations with access to and availability of neighborhood green space that persisted after controlling for personal-level covariates. Moreover, neighborhood distances up to 1600 m poorly captured participation in moderate-to-vigorous LTPA, as, on average, 40% of visits were located further from home. However, we found the immediate home environment to be an important LTPA setting for the least active participants. Conclusions This study demonstrates that LTPA can be a highly heterogeneous measure regarding both the spatial distribution and the environmental correlates of behavioral contexts. The results show that context-free LTPA outcome measures yield inconsistent associations with built environment exposure variables, challenging the applicability of such measures in designing neighborhood-level built environment interventions."
"AB Background: Online peer support forums require oversight to ensure they remain safe and therapeutic. As online communities grow, they place a greater burden on their human moderators, which increases the likelihood that people at risk may be overlooked. This study evaluated the potential for machine learning to assist online peer support by directing moderators' attention where it is most needed."
"AB In many parts of Europe, farmers often replace winter barley by winter wheat as preceding crop for winter oilseed rape (WOSR) resulting in a delayed WOSR sowing and poor autumn growth. Based on data from a field trial running in 2009/10, 2010/11, and 2012/13, this study aims i) to investigate how a delayed sowing impairs autumnal above-ground and tap root growth of winter WOSR and ii) to test the ability of an additional N supply in autumn to compensate for the negative effects of an unfavorable sowing date. In order to create sufficiently differentiated canopies, 4 sowing dates (first decade of August till the third decade of September) and 4 autumn N treatments (0, 30, 60, and 90 kg N ha(-1)) combined. Above-ground and tap root dry matter (DM) as well as green area index (GAI) were determined in autumn."
"AB Background: Poor maternal nutrition during pregnancy is a leading modifiable risk factor associated with risks of adverse pregnancy outcomes (APO). Nevertheless, there is paucity of evidence if consumption of some food groups is associated with lower risk of APO, particularly in low-income settings. We aimed to determine whether consumption of some food groups is associated with lower risk of APOs such as: preterm birth (PTB), low-birth weight (LBW), and stillbirth in rural Central Ethiopia."
"AB Influenza A viruses, human coronaviruses (hCoV) and human bocavirus (hBoV) are emerging respiratory viruses. This study investigated the association between influenza A viruses co-infection with hBoV and hCoV and severity and the sensitivity of a real-time polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) assay for identification of 15 coronaviruses."
"AB Quantifying the timing of vegetation phenology is critical for monitoring and modelling ecosystem responses to environmental change. Phenological processes have been studied from landscape to global scales using Earth observing satellite data, and at local scale by in situ surveys of individual plants. Now, data acquired from multi-spectral sensors on drone platforms provide flexible opportunities for monitoring phenology from individual plants to small ecosystem scales efficiently, allowing community and species level information to be derived. We captured a time-series of drone-acquired normalized difference vegetation index (NDVI) data with a multi-spectral sensor (Parrot Sequoia, (Parrot, France)) over a highly heterogeneous ecosystem in Cornwall, UK, during a period of spring green-up. We monitored NDVI trajectories at the individual crown and species' level. For deciduous crowns, we derived metrics representative of spring phenological stages: Start-of-spring (SOS), middle-of-spring green-up (MOG) and start-of-peak greenness (SOP) using a logistic function. While the exact timing of SOS, MOG and SOP appeared susceptible to understorey effects and saturation of the NDVI, relative timing of green-up for a subset of species was plausible in relation to phenological observations from an extended geographic region and in situ plant area index (PAI) measurements. In evergreen vegetation (Pinus spp.) subtle changes were also detected through the growing season. The impact of illumination differences was analysed for image pairs during leaf-off and leaf-on conditions. While significant, these effects were small (mean absolute NDVI deviation of up to 0.034 for leaf-off, 0.013 for leaf-on conditions), meaning that data captured under both constant direct and diffuse irradiance conditions can be used together and that cloudy conditions should not lead to data gaps. We conclude that the capability of drone-mounted multi-spectral instruments for spatio-temporal characterization of crown-level phenology shows great promise for improving the understanding of intra- and inter-species differences in strategy, and offers an efficient means of doing so over areas of a few hectares."
"AB Does financial inclusion contribute to sustainable mountain development by providing access to financial resources and creating economic opportunities for poor mountain people? Keeping this question in mind, the present study aimed to investigate the nexus between financial inclusion and improvement in the living standards of mountain people, and reduction in socioeconomic disaster risks (economic poverty, multidimensional poverty and income inequality). For empirical investigation, the study employed Quasi Experimental Designs, Foster, Greer and Thorbecke poverty measures, Alkire et al. methodology, Gini Index and Quintile technique to assess the impact of financial inclusion on the living standards and reduction of economic poverty, multidimensional poverty and income inequality, respectively. We used the Logistic Regression technique to identify major drivers of socioeconomic disaster risks in the study area. The study collected quantitative and qualitative household level data from 424 households through structured questionnaires using multistage sampling technique for analysis. The findings of the study revealed a positive synergy among inclusive finance and living standards and a negative connection between financial inclusion and socioeconomic disaster risks in the Karakoram valleys of Pakistan. The logistic regression results also recognized financial inclusion as a potential determinant of economic poverty reduction. However, financial inclusion as a potential tool to eradicate multidimensional poverty in the study area showed insignificant results. These findings can help policy-makers and other stakeholders to understand the dynamics of socioeconomic disaster risks and the role of financial inclusion in their reduction to accomplish sustainable mountain development in the Karakoram valleys of Pakistan."
"AB In this paper, we propose a novel color image encryption method by using Color Blend (CB) and Chaos Permutation (CP) operations in the reality-preserving multiple-parameter fractional Fourier transform (RPMPFRFT) domain. The original color image is first exchanged and mixed randomly from the standard red-green-blue (RGB) color space to R'G'B' color space by rotating the color cube with a random angle matrix. Then RPMPFRFT is employed for changing the pixel values of color image, three components of the scrambled RGB color space are converted by RPMPFRFT with three different transform pairs, respectively. Comparing to the complex output transform, the RPMPFRFT transform ensures that the output is real which can save storage space of image and convenient for transmission in practical applications. To further enhance the security of the encryption system, the output of the former steps is scrambled by juxtaposition of sections of the image in the reality-preserving multiple-parameter fractional Fourier domains and the alignment of sections is determined by two coupled chaotic logistic maps. The parameters in the Color Blend, Chaos Permutation and the RPMPFRFT transform are regarded as the key in the encryption algorithm. The proposed color image encryption can also be applied to encrypt three gray images by transforming the gray images into three RGB color components of a specially constructed color image. Numerical simulations are performed to demonstrate that the proposed algorithm is feasible, secure, sensitive to keys and robust to noise attack and data loss. (C) 2014 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
AB Molecular Sub-Phenotypes of Atrial Fibrillation
"AB The bioeconomy is considered one of the three main sectors with the greatest opportunities for the development of the circular economy in Brazil, who is one of the largest silk producers in the world; and sericulture is an agribusiness that contributes greatly to the bioeconomy in Brazil. Therefore, this research aimed to identify opportunities for creating value by internalizing flows in the production of silk cocoons by promoting a circular bioeconomy. To that end, a tool was used to assess the circularity of the referred system. The current circularity of the production of silk cocoons, at the farm level, is 74.19 % for material, and 0 % for energy. A range of measures are proposed, based on (i) engaging with reverse logistics practices, (ii) establishing a local agroindustrial cooperative, and (iii) building community biodigesters, which aid a potential circularity of 85.51 % (material), and 100 % (energy) at the farm level, and 98.42 % (material) and 100 % (energy), at the cooperative level. On top of increasing circular value, the proposed measures might bring environmental benefits, such as lessening environmental impacts of logistics (by valuing local resources) and replacing non-renewable energy, and social impacts, through increased quality of life for sericulturists. Economic implications need further investigation and are suggested to be addressed in future research endeavors, along with policy implications for the development of a circular bioeconomy. Furthermore, an increased circularity can also contribute to a few of the sustainable development goals (SDGs) proposed by the United Nations, such as SDGs 2, 7, 9, 11, 12 and 13."
"AB Closed-loop supply chain network design (CLSCND) has been increasingly spotlighted over the latest decade. The focus has been given to maximize the economic performance, resource utilization and sustainability through incorporating a holistic decision-making on both forward and reverse logistics. In this paper, a new fuzzy-stochastic multi-objective mathematical model is formulated for sustainable CLSCND. The model aims at balancing the trade-off between cost effectiveness and environmental performance under different types of uncertainty. The environmental performance of CLSCND is measured by carbon emission. Moreover, the network flexibility is modeled and incorporated in the decision-making so that customer demands can be fulfilled by different means. In order to solve the complex optimization problem, the model is first defuzzilized and converted into an equivalent crisp form. Then, a sample average approximation based weighting method (SAAWM) is developed to obtain a set of Pareto optimal solutions between cost and carbon emission under different uncertain environments. The model is validated through a set of numerical experiments. The computational results show, through the incorporation with network flexibility, the proposed mathematical model and solution approach can effectively generate consistent objective values and solutions over different scenario trees and obtain robust strategic decisions on facility locations. Meanwhile, the flexibility and rationality of the decision-making on transportation management, demand allocation and facility operations can be improved as well. (c) 2020 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Ltd. This is an open access article under the CC BY license (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)."
"AB Nowadays, electric vehicles are considered a viable option for goods distribution, especially in urban areas that are heavily burdened by local emissions. The call for environmentally-friendly vehicles has been heard by car manufacturers and they have begun to introduce electric commercial vehicles, suitable for logistics tasks, into the market. This trend has also motivated the development of algorithms to plan delivery routes that take the characteristics of electric vehicles into account. In the literature, problems have been studied that consider the distribution of goods with electric vehicles from a central depot. However, many real-world applications have a pickup and delivery structure. In these applications, one needs to plan routes in order to satisfy requests; each request requires that a commodity is transported from a pickup to a delivery location. Here, we study the pickup and delivery problem with time windows and electric vehicles (PDPTW-EV). In the PDPTW-EV, access to locations is restricted by time windows. Electric vehicles, that are constrained by capacities for energy and commodities, serve the routes. Energy can be recharged when stopping at dedicated stations. We develop a granular tabu search (GTS) with a policy to determine the amount of energy recharged. In numerical studies, we validate our approach on small-sized instances, and compare it to the results obtained with a commercial solver. On larger-sized instances, we demonstrate that GTS can handle the partial recharging strategy by comparing it to full recharging. Finally, we show that our algorithm is competitive on benchmark instances of the pickup and delivery problem with time windows. (C) 2019 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB Proper management of biomedical waste (BMW) is required to avoid environmental and human health risks. The current study evaluated the BWM practices in public and private health care facilities of Fatehgarh Sahib District in Punjab, India. The study was conducted, using a modified World Health Organization (WHO) tool in 120 health care facilities randomly selected from rural and urban areas. At primary health care level, BMW management guidelines were followed in 67.2% of the public sector and 40.4% of the private sector facilities, whereas in secondary health care sectors both private and public sector follows 100% compliance. Health facilities were graded into different categories according to median score, i.e., scores less than < 2.5 was categorized as red (no credible BMW management system in place), scores between 2.5 to 7.5 as yellow (system present but needs major improvement) and scores > 7.5 as green (good system in place for BMW). It was observed that among primary health care facilities, 85% of the public sector and 64% of private sector facilities falls in the red category, whereas for secondary health care facilities only 8% fall in the red category. Logistic regression helped to identify the major factors that affect the performance of the health care facility, and it shows that regular training on BMW and improved infrastructure can improve the BMW management practices. Further, proper management of BMW requires multi-sectoral coordination, which can be better addressed through policies and by providing periodical training to all stakeholders."
"AB Purpose In order to reduce logistics transportation costs and respond to low-carbon economy, the purpose of this paper is to study the more practical and common simultaneous pickup and delivery vehicle routing problem, which considers the carbon tax policy. A low-carbon simultaneous pickup and delivery vehicle routing problem model is constructed with the minimum total costs as the objective function. Design/methodology/approach This study develops a mathematical optimization model with the minimum total costs, including the carbon emissions costs as the objective function. An adaptive genetic hill-climbing algorithm is designed to solve the model. Findings First, the effectiveness of the algorithm is verified by numerical experiments. Second, the research results prove that carbon tax mechanism can effectively reduce carbon emissions within effective carbon tax interval. Finally, the research results also show that, under the carbon tax mechanism, the effect of vehicle speed on total costs will become more obvious with the increase of carbon tax. Research limitations/implications - This paper only considers the weight of the cargo, but it does not consider the volume of the cargo. Originality/value Few studies focus on environmental issues in the simultaneous pickup and delivery problem. Thus, this paper constructs a green path optimization model, combining the carbon tax mechanism for the problem. This paper further analyzes the impact of carbon tax value on total costs and carbon emission; at the same time, the effect of vehicle speed on total cost is also analyzed."
"AB Background Chronic spontaneous urticaria (CSU) is defined as the spontaneously appearing weals and/or angioedema for more than 6 weeks. Dietary habits can modulate the pathogenesis of CSU. However, dietary intakes of nutrients or food in CSU patients, compared with healthy controls, have not been examined in quality and quantity."
"AB Recently, the closed-loop supply chain (CLSC) domain has garnered considerable attention from scholars and practitioners. The increasing number of publications makes it necessary to study this domain comprehensively. To achieve this goal, this paper makes the first attempt to investigate the knowledge base and knowledge diffusion paths of the whole area systematically from both static and dynamic perspectives. Based on 1041 papers published in 2001-2020 from Web of Science, the characteristics of publications, productive authors, institutions, countries/territories and journals, as well as the co-authorship relationships are investigated by using bibliometrics. In addition, the evolution of hot topics and the historical development of CLSC domain are vividly described by keyword analysis and main path analysis respectively. The results show that: (1) Van Wassenhove, LN, Guide, VDR and Govindan, K play an important role in this domain and in addition Govindan, K has established extensive cooperative relationships; (2) INSEAD and Penn State Univ are more influential and they cooperate closely; (3) Several countries such as Italy, UK, Iran and China have begun to pay more attention to CLSC research in the past five years; (4) the hot topics revolve around the three aspects of network design, coordination and circular economy, and the trajectories of knowledge diffusion of this domain show that the focus has shifted to the green and sustainable CLSC recently. This study is able for researchers to grasp the general information, identify hot topics and capture history, development status and possible directions for the future research in the CLSC domain."
"AB Introduction To determine the association of fruit and vegetable consumption with overall sleep duration among pregnant women. Methods Data from the 2011 and 2012 Behavioral Risk Factors Surveillance System (BRFSS) were used. All women (n = 2951) of childbearing age (18-44 years) who were pregnant and responded to all fruit and vegetable consumption and sleep duration questions were included. Covariates included age, race, education level, exercise, and marital status. Data were analyzed using linear and ordinal logistic regression. Results Total daily fruit and vegetable consumption was not associated with sleep duration among pregnant women, controlling for confounders [beta = -0.03, (-0.07, 0.00)]. Orange and green vegetable consumption were both inversely associated with sleep duration [beta = -0.19, (-0.38, -0.01) and beta = -0.20, (-0.33, -0.08) respectively]. Ordinal logistic regression found that the odds of meeting or exceeding sleep time recommendations increased slightly with each unit increase in total fruit and vegetable consumption [OR = 1.05 (1.003, 1.092)] and for every unit increase in fruit consumption [OR = 1.12 (1.038, 1.208)]. Women who exercised within the past 30 days reported approximately 20 min of additional sleep compared to those who did not [beta = 0.32 (0.16, 0.49)]. Age, employment status, and marital status were also independently associated with sleep duration. Discussion Sleep duration in pregnant women was associated with exercise and other demographic factors, but only mildly associated with fruit and vegetable consumption. Future research should investigate the effects of additional factors including sleep quality, gestational age, family status and other medications as potential confounders."
"AB Refrigerated transport and storage of mango fruit are essential to maintain quality, reduce food waste and the associated embodied energy losses. Refrigeration is also key to enable successful transcontinental export to distant markets. To minimize the environmental impact of the cold chain and to optimize logistics, a better knowledge of the fruit quality evolution within individual shipments would be extremely valueable. For this purpose, a digital fruit twin is developed, based on mechanistic modeling. This digital twin simulates the thermal behavior of mango fruit throughout the cold chain, based on the measured environmental temperature conditions, namely the air temperature in the vicinity of the fruit. At the same time, the evolution of associated quality attributes, due to enzymatically-driven, temperature-dependent biochemical degradation reactions, is quantified. Also, a biophysical counterpart of real mango fruit an innovative fruit simulator sensing device - was developed and used for model validation of fruit pulp temperatures. We identified - in-silico - the impact of the unique delivery air temperature history and cold chain length on fruit quality evolution for actual maritime vs. airfreight transport pathways. Digital twins were found to provide complementary insights in the thermophysical behavior of fruit, particularly in supply chains of very perishable species, and for storage at low airflow rates. Such mechanistic modeling enabled to understand, record, and predict where temperature-dependent fruit quality loss occurs in each supply chain. In that way, digital twins can help to improve refrigeration processes and logistics to reduce food losses, thereby making the refrigerated supply chain greener."
"AB Background Preoperatively determining those patients who are at high risk of encountering breast cancer-related lymphedema (BCRL) is still not well understood. Objective This study aimed to develop a simple intraoperative nomogram for BCRL, incorporating a protective factor. Methods Overall, 320 breast cancer patients at Zhongnan Hospital (training set) and 221 patients at Dongfeng General Hospital (external validation cohort) treated between November 2017 and December 2018 were included. Prior to axillary lymph node dissection (ALND), 1 mL (2.5 mg) of indocyanine green was administered to the area of the internal bicipital sulcus of the upper limb. The fluorescence image was obtained and the proportion of arm lymph flow above the level of the axillary vein was calculated. Multivariate logistic regression was performed using this proportion together with clinical data. A nomogram was then constructed and assessed for its discrimination and calibration ability and clinical utility in the training and external validation sets. Results The cumulative incidence of BCRL was 18.7% (60/320), with a median follow-up of 29 months (20-34). In the multivariate logistic regression analysis, body mass index, taxane, radiotherapy, and proportion of arm lymph flow above the level of the axillary vein were identified as independent risk factors. In the training and validation cohorts, the calibration curve performed well (p = 0.721 and p = 0.315, respectively), and the area under the receiver operating characteristic curve values were 0.829 (95% confidence interval [CI] 0.773-0.885) and 0.804 (95% CI 0.732-0.877), respectively. Conclusion High-risk patients could be identified intraoperatively with this nomogram, and timely intervention could be performed with preservation of the arm lymphatics."
"AB The accelerated movement of people towards cities led to the fact that the world's urban population is now growing by 60-million persons per year. The increased number of cities' population has a significant impact on the produced volume of household waste, which must be collected and recycled in time. The collection of household waste, especially in downtown areas, has a wide range of challenges; the collection system must be reliable, flexible, cost efficient, and green. Within the frame of this paper, the authors describe the application possibilities of Industry 4.0 technologies in waste collection solutions and the optimization potential in their processes. After a systematic literature review, this paper introduces the waste collection process of downtowns as a cyber-physical system. A mathematical model of this waste collection process is described, which incorporates routing, assignment, and scheduling problems. The objectives of the model are the followings: (1) optimal assignment of waste sources to garbage trucks; (2) scheduling of the waste collection through routing of each garbage truck to minimize the total operation cost, increase reliability while comprehensive environmental indicators that have great impact on public health are to be taken into consideration. Next, a binary bat algorithm is described, whose performance is validated with different benchmark functions. The scenario analysis validates the model and then evaluates its performance to increase the cost-efficiency and warrant environmental awareness of waste collection process."
"AB Greenhouse gas emissions are receiving greater concern in the world due to the recent Paris climate agreement with announcement of carbon emission targets by various countries to reduce anthropogenic global climate change. Industry and their supply chains are a major source of carbon emissions. Consequently, manufacturing firms have realized the importance of adopting environmental friendly supply chain management (SCM) practices and are implementing such plans in their business operations. The study presents a tyre remanufacturing supply chain tactical planning model that integrates economic and carbon emission objectives with a carbon tax policy consideration. A modified cross-entropy solution method was employed to solve the tyre remanufacturing tactical supply chain planning model with commercial solver. Numerical experiments are completed utilizing data from Indian tyre remanufacturing industry. The analysis of the numerical results give important organizational insights for industry practitioners and policy insights for the government on (1) possible financial and emissions reduction impacts of a carbon tax rate at the tyre remanufacturing supply chain tactical planning level, (2) the use of profit/emission objective trade off analysis for making informed decisions on investments in carbon emission reduction technology, and (3) possible way to decide carbon price for maximum environmental returns achieved without substantial impacts on the economy and competitive positioning of firms. Two carbon saving indices have been proposed for evaluation of carbon scenarios. The results have been analyzed with the help of these indices. A carbon tax and reward policy (CER) has also been proposed."
"AB The integration of sustainable practices within the fashion supply chain has been one of the areas receiving increased attention due to global competition and stricter regulations. The concept of Sustainable Supply Chain Management (SSCM) ensures that eco-friendly practices have been adopted by many global fashion brands. Fashion industries in developing countries such as Vietnam, one of the leading fashion manufacturing countries in South-East Asia, are under tremendous pressure to comply with sustainability norms. Therefore, this paper aims to review the recent trends in SSCM in Vietnam's fashion and retail industries. A four-step approach was adopted: collection of information through literature or data collection (Step 1), classification and codification (step 2), input of industry experts (Step 3) and analysis of the above three inputs (Step 4). The findings showed that although Vietnam is among the top five exporting countries of textiles and garments globally, the concept of a sustainable supply chain is new to many of the Vietnamese supply chain players. Four out of five stakeholders claimed that they are attempting to achieve sustainability by reducing environmental pollution, taking care of the labor force, and pursuing future sustainable materials as well as renewable energy resources. In addition, one of the stakeholders, the retailers, regularly focus on ethical practices in their sustainable sourcing. These practices help Vietnam to concurrently diminish its environmental impact and ensuing negative consequences as well as improve the country's social and economic sustainability. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Coal is the second-largest source for electricity generation in the United States. However, the burning of coal produces dangerous gas emissions, such as carbon dioxide and Green House Gas (GHG) emissions. One alternative to decrease these emissions is biomass co-firing. To establish biomass as a viable option, the optimization of the biomass supply chain (BSC) is essential. Although most of the research conducted has focused on optimization models, the purpose of this paper is to incorporate machine-learning (ML) algorithms into a stochastic Mixed-Integer Linear Programming (MILP) model to select potential storage depot locations and improve the solution in two ways: by decreasing the total cost of the BSC and the computational burden. We consider the level of moisture and level of ash in the biomass from each parcel location, the average expected biomass yield, and the distance from each parcel to the closest power plant. The training labels (whether a potential depot location is beneficial or not) are obtained through the stochastic MILP model. Multiple ML algorithms are applied to a case study in the northeast area of the United States: Logistic Regression (LR), Decision Tree (DT), Random Forest (RF), and Multi-Layer Perceptron (MLP) Neural Network. After applying the hybrid methodology combining ML and optimization, it is found that the MLP outperforms the other algorithms in terms of selecting potential depots that decrease the total cost of the BSC and the computational burden of the stochastic MILP model. The LR and the DT also perform well in terms of decreasing total cost."
"AB Packaging developers in the food industry must consider several, sometimes conflicting, environmental requirements on packaging along with an already complex combination of marketing, logistics and production requirements. Existing methods for the environmental evaluation of packaging either focus on a limited amount of environmental packaging criteria (such as recyclability or renewable content) or rely on life cycle assessment methodology requiring expert competence. To support the food industry in their efforts toward developing product and packaging combinations that reduce the total environmental impact in food supply chains, this article presents a simplified environmental evaluation tool for food packaging. The presented tool was developed through an iterative process in a collaborative research project with the food industry. It evaluates packaging systems based on packaging criteria sorted into four areas that represent the life-cycle steps packaging material production, transport, household and end-of-life. A comparison of the tool results and screening LCA results for three packaging cases showed no major differences. From the practitioners' perspective, the main advantages of the suggested tool are that it does not require LCA-competence, that the required input data is commonly available in packaging development projects and that its overall structure invites several functions of the company to participate. The theoretical benefits of the suggested tool are that it allows for a parallel assessment of eco-efficiency and eco-effectiveness criteria in a life cycle perspective and that it considers littering risk as well as the influence of packaging on food waste in households"
"AB The leather industry of Bangladesh is facing considerable amounts of pressure to adopt sustainable supply chain management (SSCM). While there are some studies that have examined barriers to SSCM practices in developed and developing countries in various domains, these are not necessarily applicable to the Bangladeshi leather industry. To bridge this gap, it is crucial to identify most influential barriers to SSCM practices, particularly in the context of developing economies. Therefore, this study identifies such barriers and examines the causal relationships between them with an aim to facilitate the effective implementation of SSCM in the Bangladeshi leather processing industry. Thirty-five barriers to SSCM implementation were identified through a detailed literature review and a survey of leather processing industry experts. Among them, the most common 20 barriers were selected with the help of industry experts. Then, a blended, grey-based Decision Making Trial and Evaluation Laboratory (DEMATEL) approach was utilized to examine their interrelationships. The results demonstrate that nine barriers could be classified as causal and eleven as influenced. Lack of awareness of local customers in green products and lack of commitment from top management took high priority in the causal group. Lack of reverse logistics practices and Outdated machineries were the most influenced barriers. This research uses a leather processing company as a case study for demonstrating the proposed model. The findings aim to support the leather processing industry in a structural way, so that industrial managers can identify the most influential barriers and work to eliminate them. This study may be useful to stakeholders to achieve sustainable development. (C) 2018 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Previous research shows significant health and mortality variations by residential context. Numerous studies report better health and lower mortality among rural populations in comparison to urban residents, whereas other research shows the opposite, with poor health and high mortality in rural areas. This study investigates health variations in England by residential contexts and the causes of such differences. Further, it examines the sensitivity of results to different rural-urban classifications. Applying logistic regression models to individual-level data from the 2001 UK census we demonstrate significant health variation by residential context. A clear urban-rural positive health gradient is apparent, with levels of ill health increasing parallel to levels of urbanisation. Briefly, people living in rural areas have better health than those living in cities and other urban contexts. However, the capital city (London) provides an exception to the gradient, with its inhabitants having better health than anticipated. Once we control for individual sociodemographic characteristics, including occupational status and educational level, the urban-rural health variations are reduced, but significant differences still persist. Most notably, Outer London residents have health expectations similar to those residing in the most rural locations. Clearly, our results support the existence of a positive urban-rural health gradient, with the exception of a protective capital city effect. These findings persist regardless of the precise urban-rural classification used. Finally we show that, having accounted for composition and the rural-urban context, there still remains a North-South divide in health outcomes."
"AB Residents' walking trips are a kind of natural motion that promotes health and wellbeing by modifying individual behavior. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the major influence of the spatial elements of a health-supportive environment on residents' walking trips. This study analyzes residents' walking trips' elements based on the spatiotemporal characteristics of walking trips, as well as the spatial elements of a health-supportive environment in residential streets based on residential health needs. To obtain the spatial elements that promote residents' walking trips and to build an ordered logistic regression model, two methods-a correlation analysis and a logistic regression analysis-were applied to analyze the elements of residents' walking trips as well as the spatial elements of a health-supportive environment in residential streets by means of SPSS software, using on-site survey results of ten residential streets and 2738 pieces of research data. The research showed that the nine kinds of spatial elements that significantly affect residents' walking trips are density of pedestrian access, density of bus routes, near-line rate of roadside buildings, average pedestrian access distance, square area within a 500 m walking distance, distance to the nearest garden, green shade ratio, density of street intersections, and the mixed proportion of differently aged residential buildings. In order to construct a spatial environment that promotes walking trips, it is necessary to improve the convenience of residents' walking trips, to increase the safety of roadside buildings and pedestrian access, to expand the comfort of ""getting out to the nature"", and to enrich the diversity of different architectural styles and street density."
"AB Understanding the driving factors of land-use spatio-temporal change is important for the guidance of rational land-use management. Based on land-use data, household surveys and social economic data in 2000, 2005, 2010, and 2015, this study adopted the Binary Logistic Regression Model (BLRM) to analyze the driving factors of land-use spatio-temporal change in a large artificial forest area in the Ximeng County, Yunnan province, in Southwest China. Seventeen factors were used to reflect the socio-economic and natural environment conditions in the study area. The results show a land use pattern composed of forestland, dry cropland, and rubber plantation in Ximeng County. Over the past fifteen years, the area of artificial forests increased rapidly due to the Grain for Green policy, which has led to increases in rubber plantations, tea gardens, eucalyptus forests, etc. In contrast, the area of natural forest and dry cropland decreased due to reclamations for farming and constructions. The BLRM approach helped to identify the main driving factors of land-use spatio-temporal change, which includes land-use policies (protection of basic farmlands and natural reserves), topography (elevation and slope), accessibility (distance to the human settlements), and potential productivity (fertility and irrigation). The study revealed the relationship between land-use spatio-temporal change and its driving factors in mountainous Southwest China, providing a decision-making basis for rational land-use management and optimal allocation of land resources."
"AB Determining the methods for fulfilling the continuously increasing customer expectations and maintaining competitiveness in the market while limiting controllable expenses is challenging. Our study thus identifies inefficiencies in the supply chain network (SCN). The initial goal is to obtain the best allocation order for products from various sources with different destinations in an optimal manner. This study considers two types of decision-makers (DMs) operating at two separate groups of SCN, that is, a bi-level decision-making process. The first-level DM moves first and determines the amounts of the quantity transported to distributors, and the second-level DM then rationally chooses their amounts. First-level decision-makers (FLDMs) aimed at minimizing the total costs of transportation, while second-level decision-makers (SLDM) attempt to simultaneously minimize the total delivery time of the SCN and balance the allocation order between various sources and destinations. This investigation implements fuzzy goal programming (FGP) to solve the multi-objective of SCN in an intuitionistic fuzzy environment. The FGP concept was used to define the fuzzy goals, build linear and nonlinear membership functions, and achieve the compromise solution. A real-life case study was used to illustrate the proposed work. The obtained result shows the optimal quantities transported from the various sources to the various destinations that could enable managers to detect the optimum quantity of the product when hierarchical decision-making involving two levels. A case study then illustrates the application of the proposed work."
"AB Background and Aims: Post-hepatectomy liver failure (PHLF) is a severe complication and main cause of death in patients undergoing hepatectomy. The aim of this study was to build a predictive model of PHLF in patients undergoing hepatectomy. Methods: We retrospectively analyzed patients undergoing hepatectomy at Zhongshan Hospital, Fudan University from July 2015 to June 2018, and randomly divided them into development and internal validation cohorts. External validation was performed in an independent cohort. Least absolute shrinkage and selection operator (commonly referred to as LASSO) logistic regression was applied to identify predictors of PHLF, and multivariate binary logistic regression analysis was performed to establish the predictive model, which was visualized with a nomogram. Results: A total of 492 eligible patients were analyzed. LASSO and multivariate analysis identified three preoperative variables, total bilirubin (p=0.001), international normalized ratio (p<0.001) and platelet count (p=0.004), and two intraoperative variables, extent of resection (p=0.002) and blood loss (p=0.004), as independent predictors of PHLF. The area under receiver operating characteristic curve (referred to as AUROC) of the predictive model was 0.838 and outperformed the model for end-stage liver disease score, albumin-bilirubin score and platelet-albumin-bilirubin score (AUROCs: 0.723, 0.695 and 0.663, respectively; p<0.001 for all). The optimal cut-off value of the predictive model was 14.7. External validation showed the model could predict PHLF accurately and distinguish high-risk patients. Conclusions: PHLF can be accurately predicted by this model in patients undergoing hepatectomy, which may significantly contribute to the postoperative care of these patients."
"AB Regulators increasingly pressure companies to reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. In the case of many large corporations, most emissions originate from supply chain operations. Consequently, firms often pass on external pressures to their suppliers by requesting them to implement low-carbon initiatives. While existing research suggests that external pressures from both regulators and customers are mostly effective in motivating environmental action among suppliers, it remains unexplored how organizational perception of risks and opportunities influences this relationship. The purpose of this paper is to examine empirically how the perception of climate change-related risks and opportunities moderates the influence of external pressures on a supplier's decision to adopt low-carbon supply chain management (LCSCM) practices. The sample consists of 877 companies from 37 countries that supply to large multinational enterprises. Secondary data is sourced from CDP's Supply Chain Program and other databases and statistically analyzed using binary logistic regression models. The results show that a supplier's decision to implement LCSCM practices is mainly determined by customer requests to reduce GHG emissions and the stringency and effectiveness of climate change policies in its home country. Contrary to theoretical predictions, little empirical evidence is provided for a moderating influence of perceived climate-related risks and opportunities. However, in most cases a company's perception of both risks and opportunities is directly and positively related to LCSCM. Firm size is also found to be influential, while profitability, an industry's GHG intensity, a country's economic development and the private sector's responsiveness to environmental issues do not significantly affect suppliers' behavior."
"AB The production of cement, the primary ingredient in concrete, is responsible for 5-10% of anthropogenic GHG emissions. Numerous studies have investigated ordinary portland cement (OPC) alternatives with the goal of reducing GHG emissions. This life cycle assessment (LCA) adds transportation as a focus of the assessment, in addition to the process steps from cradle to the gate of finished cementitious product. GHG emissions and cost are assessed for five cement types with comparable performance (1) OPC; (2) blended OPC with slag (SC); (3) blended OPC with fly ash (FAC); (4) metakaolin-based geopolymer (MKG); and (5) high volume limestone alkali-activated slag cements (HLAASCs). Transportation logistics are known to be critical for the cement industry, and this holds true for alternative cements. The influence of feedstock source location and transport mode within the supply chain significantly affect both environmental impacts (up to 80% of GHG emissions) and production cost (up to 65%), and should thus be a major consideration. All OPC alternatives reduce GHG emissions, even at the least beneficial points of their ranges. HLAASC reduces GHG emissions and energy consumption in all cases studied, by up to 95% and 83%. SC and FAC have comparable reductions in GHG emissions and energy, and their ranges overlap. MKG reduces GHG emissions but not energy input for the cases studied, however the energy demand may be closer to the other binders studied where the mineral is available and from low grade sources. (C) 2018 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB In this paper, we study statistical inferences on the maximum likelihood estimation of a normal distribution when data are randomly censored. Likelihood equations are derived assuming that the censoring distribution does not involve any parameters of interest. The maximum likelihood estimators (MLEs) of the censored normal distribution do not have an explicit form, and it should be solved in an iterative way. We consider a simple method to derive an explicit form of the approximate MLEs with no iterations by expanding the nonlinear parts of the likelihood equations in Taylor series around some suitable points. The points are closely related to Kaplan-Meier estimators. By using the same method, the observed Fisher information is also approximated to obtain asymptotic variances of the estimators. An illustrative example is presented, and a simulation study is conducted to compare the performances of the estimators. In addition to their explicit form, the approximate MLEs are as efficient as the MLEs in terms of variances."
"AB The aim of the current study is to evaluate new preventive command-and-control environmental regulation's competitive effects on automobile manufacturers and their suppliers. The methodology that we have used is a case analysis, and its main aim is to study an unfamiliar situation. Therefore, we have chosen cases from each of the groups: two suppliers and one manufacturer. The new regulation obliges automobile companies to deeply modify their process technologies and their relationships with their suppliers (toughening requirements and strengthening long-term relationships) and to require their workers to train in environmental matters. Complying with regulation by suppliers will be possible if product and process designs are modified. However, only organisational actions, which include workers' training in environmental and quality matters and activities to recover value in factories, are capable to achieve it. In any case, these factories have already been affected by trade-offs between environmental and other more classic manufacturing objectives, especially quality."
"AB This paper analyses the influence of Sustainable Supply Chain Management strategiesSupplier Selection, Product Stewardship and Logistics Managementon Supply Chain Management functionsPlanning, Execution, Coordination and Collaboration in the oil and gas distribution industry. Using multiple regression analyses, we performed the study on 79 companies from Romania and the Republic of Moldova operating in the oil and gas distribution industry. We concluded that Sustainable Supply Chain Management strategies have a positive and significant influence on Supply Chain Management functions, both overall and on each of the functions considered in the study. Overall, the findings of this study can be used by companies operating in oil and gas distribution to design Sustainable Supply Chain Management strategies to better address the requirements for more environmentally and socially responsible activities in their supply chains and to optimize their Supply Chain Management to better cope with Sustainable Supply Chain Management requirements and expectations."
"AB Carbon emissions produced by supply chain activities, and in particular by transportation, contribute substantially to global warming. In order to tackle this problem, many governments and regulatory authorities have started to implement carbon control policies, which may directly impact on the decisions of a company. In a traditional inventory routing problem, a supplier determines the optimal vehicle routing and scheduling of deliveries, based on the observed inventory levels of the customers, to minimise the costs of the entire system. This research contributes by modelling the problem simultaneously taking into account the uncertainty in customer demand, a comprehensive emissions model, and a heterogeneous fleet of vehicles. The proposed model is further deployed to address four different policies, namely the cap, the carbon tax, the cap-and-trade and the cap-and-offset. Based on a case study, the economic and environmental implications of each different policy are discussed, focusing on the operational decisions of the models."
"AB How individuals respond to innovative technologies depends on how motivated they are by an array of internal and external factors and the informational and cost barriers they face. To better understand technology adoption decision making we (i) assess changes in intent to purchase plug-in vehicles in response to reductions in their price and (ii) identify motivators that incline new car buyers toward plug-ins under status quo and reduced vehicle cost scenarios. We find that individuals already inclined toward alternative vehicles have a higher interest in plug-ins under a reduced-cost scenario than individuals who favor conventional vehicles. We also find that individuals who shift their vehicle preference from conventional gasoline to plug-in vehicles are motivated by material factors and fears relating to the innovative technology, whereas those shifting preferences between less to more innovative technologies are likely to be motivated by a mix of material and nonmaterial factors."
"AB This study's goal was to analyze the contents of the S&P 500 companies' mission, vision, and values statements to measure the extent to which they reflect the concept of sustainability. Data were collected from public domains (reports and websites) between April and June, 2013. Using inductive methods, we assessed corporations to reflect sustainability when their stated goal was not only to generate profits but also to care about people and the planet. The theme generating the profit emerged in 69.2% of the companies, while other themes of caring for the people and safeguarding the planet appeared respectively in 34.0% and 14.8% of the companies. About 12.0% of the companies had the triple bottom line (profit, people, and planet themes) in their strategic documents. Logistic regressions showed a sectoral difference in the emergence of profit, people, and planet themes. These findings are expected to instigate a healthy debate on sustainability."
"AB We propose a new speed and departure time optimization algorithm for the pollution-routing problem (PRP), which runs in quadratic time and returns an optimal schedule. This algorithm is embedded into an iterated local search-based metaheuristic to achieve a combined speed, scheduling and routing optimization. The start of the working day is set as a decision variable for individual routes, thus enabling a better assignment of human resources to required demands. Some routes that were evaluated as unprofitable can now appear as viable candidates later in the day, leading to a larger search space and further opportunities of distance optimization via better service consolidation. Extensive computational experiments on available PRP benchmark instances demonstrate the good performance of the algorithm. The flexible departure times from the depot contribute to reduce the operational costs by 8.36% on the considered instances. (C) 2015 Elsevier B.V. and Association of European Operational Research Societies (EURO) within the International Federation of Operational Research Societies (IFORS). All rights reserved."
"AB This study explores people's environmental attitudes and motives for putting economic values to marine biodiversity protection. Primary data were collected from a sample of 359 residents in two important Greek ports: Thessaloniki and Volos. Respondents' environmental attitude was measured with the New Ecological Paradigm (NEP) scale. Economic values were derived from contingent valuation survey. Use of appropriate methods revealed three factors of environmental attitudes: man dominate to nature, anti-anthropocentrism and limits to growth. Significant relationships are found between NEP scale factors, socio-economic characteristics and individuals' opinions about biodiversity utility. Pro-environmental behavior is associated with higher NEP scores. A logistic regression setup the relation between people's willingness to pay (WTP) for marine biodiversity protection with their socio-economic characteristics and PCA results. Significant relationships are found between environmental attitudes, non-use motivations, WTP and ethical motives for species protection. Mean individuals' WTP for marine biodiversity protection was calculated approximately equal to (sic)29. (C) 2017 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved."
"AB This article examines whether staff empowerment practices common to nursing home culture change are associated with certified nursing assistant (CNA) retention. Data from 2,034 nursing home administrators from a 2009/2010 national nursing home survey and ordered logistic regression were used. After adjustment for covariates, a greater staff empowerment practice score was positively associated with greater retention. Compared with the low empowerment category, nursing homes with scores in the medium category had a 44% greater likelihood of having higher CNA retention (odds ratio [OR] = 1.44; 95% confidence interval [CI] = [1.15, 1.81], p = .001) and those with high empowerment scores had a 64% greater likelihood of having higher CNA retention (OR = 1.64; 95% CI = [1.34, 2.00], p < 001). Greater opportunities for CNA empowerment are associated with longer CNA retention. This research suggests that staffing empowerment practices on the whole are worthwhile from the CNA staffing stability perspective."
"AB Electric vehicles (EVs) have been developed as an efficient solution to reduce automobile emissions. To ensure the effective diffusion of EVs in current transport systems, it is vital to understand the factors affecting consumers' intentions to purchase EVs. To provide insights for this understanding, this study aims to investigate such factors with a particular focus on users' attitudes and perceptions. A questionnaire survey was conducted in September 2019 among potential consumers in the major cities of South Korea. A total of 1500 valid survey responses were obtained, and investigations using binary logistic regression and regression tree were conducted for an empirical analysis. The results showed that among attitudinal attributes, environmental and economic perceptions concerning EV use were the strongest predictors for an EV purchase. In addition, technological concerns were found to have negative impacts on EV purchase intentions. The findings of this study could provide reasonable guidelines for establishing marketing strategies and serve as a reference for EV stakeholders to improve the applicability of current policies regarding EV adoption."
"AB This paper introduces a mixed integer linear programming formulation for modeling and solving a multiperiod one-stage supply chain distribution network design problem. The model is aimed to minimize two objectives, the total supply chain cost and the greenhouse gas emissions generated mainly by transportation and warehousing operations. The demand forecast is known for the planning horizon and shortage of demand is allowed at a penalty cost. This scenario must satisfy a minimum service level. Two carbon emission regulatory policies are investigated, the tax or carbon credit and the carbon emission cap. Computational experiments are performed to analyze the trade-offs between the total cost of the supply chain, the carbon emission quantity, and both carbon emission regulatory policies. Results demonstrate that for a certain range the carbon credit price incentivizes the reduction of carbon emissions to the environment. On the other hand, modifying the carbon emission cap inside a certain range could lead to significant reductions of carbon emission while not significantly compromising the total cost of the supply chain."
"AB Many countries promote urban agglomeration to enhance economic competitiveness, but the impacts of this strategy on local climate adaptation remain poorly understood. Here, we use variation in greenspaces to test the effectiveness of climate adaptation policy across climate impacts and vulnerability dimensions. Using satellite imagery and logistic regression, we analyze spatiotemporal correlation between greenspace and climate vulnerability in the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macau Greater Bay Area, an area comprising similar to 70 million people and 11 cities, making it a useful natural experiment for our study. We find that while greenspace increases proportionally with climate exposure and sensitivity, many cities exhibit discrepancies between greenspace variation and climate vulnerability. Green adaptation funnels into wealthier, less vulnerable areas while bypassing more vulnerable ones, increasing their climate vulnerability and undermining the benefits of urban agglomeration. The results suggest that centrally-planned climate adaptation policy must accommodate local heterogeneity to improve urban sustainability. By neglecting local heterogeneity, urban agglomeration policy risks exacerbating spatial inequalities in climate adaptation."
"AB The present trend towards greener and less-waste intensive production methods, has started to establish the idea of a Circular Economy. However, in achieving circularity, obstacles need to be overcome and new business models need to be developed. One of these business models is Waste Valorisation. Waste Valorisation focuses on the transformation of alleged waste, by-products or residue into valuable material. This paper aims to establish the current view on Waste Valorisation models and explore any influential factors within this circular business model through the lens of social capital theory. The findings are based on a focus group discussion with academics, practitioners, and policy makers. Results indicate, collaborative aspects aid to create value within this specific business model, as well as technology can act as a facilitator for collaboration between stakeholders in realizing the benefits of Waste Valorisation model. Based on the findings, a theoretical framework was developed which can be used as a guide to develop further research on Waste Valorisation."
"AB This paper presents a bi-objective robust optimization model for the integrated production and distribution planning of a supply chain with the postponement strategy. The two objectives are economic (cost minimization) and environmental (greenhouse gas emissions minimization), respectively. The robust model is capable of incorporating decision makers' risk attitudes in addressing demand uncertainties under conditions of very limited historical data. The application of the proposed approach is examined using real data of an actual pharmaceutical supply chain as well as a benchmark problem in the existing literature. Our analysis and investigation focuses on exploring the extent to which the tradeoffs between economic and environmental objectives are influenced by the decision makers' risk preferences and postponement strategy. We find that independent of the amount of greenhouse gas emissions and degree of demand variability, the postponement strategy can consistently provide cost savings for the supply chain."
"AB For a viable and commercial attractive integration of vehicle integrated photovoltaic applications (ViPVs) energy forecasting is required as a foundation for business case calculation. The developed algorithm facilitates the forecast of annual power distribution and solar energy yield along any given track tested on a German use case. A high temporal and spatial resolution of the meteorological database providing ambient temperature, wind speed, and global horizontal irradiance was determined as a necessity to preserve the irradiance distribution and consequently the power distribution available throughout the year. For ViPV module temperature, respectively, module efficiency benefits strongly from head wind. As a consequence, the performance of ViPV under motion was identified as superior to non-mobile PV installations. The potential annual energy yield of the three showcasing commercial semi-trailer lorries operating in Germany is identified to be 3-7 MWh depending on the used cell technology. The potential energy gain due to head wind cooling is estimated to be 20-75 kWh per trailer and year. Copyright (C) 2017 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd."
"AB The topic of value creation through the recovery of returned products in closed loop supply chains is scattered across various bodies of literature. We undertake a systematic literature review of 144 articles in relevant green, reverse and closed loop supply chain literature to synchronize existing knowledge on value creation. Value manifestations of four types of value, namely economic, environmental, information and customer value, are identified. Value adding concepts from the forward- and reverse supply chain may leverage the process of value creation. They are classified into six subclasses, namely partnerships and collaboration, product design characteristics, service concepts, IT solutions, supply chain processes and organizational characteristics. We present a conceptual framework on a strategic level. In this way companies can create competitive advantages by closing the loop. The results of the literature analysis suggest avenues for future research on the operational and strategic level. (C) 2015 The Society of Manufacturing Engineers. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Logistic regression analysis based on data from 822 Han Chinese oldest old aged 92+ demonstrated that interactions between carrying FOXO1A-266 or FOXO3-310 or FOXO3-292 and tea drinking at around age 60 or at present time were significantly associated with lower risk of cognitive disability at advanced ages. Associations between tea drinking and reduced cognitive disability were much stronger among carriers of the genotypes of FOXO1A-266 or FOXO3-310 or FOXO3-292 compared with noncarriers, and it was reconfirmed by analysis of three-way interactions across FOXO genotypes, tea drinking at around age 60, and at present time. Based on prior findings from animal and human cell models, we postulate that intake of tea compounds may activate FOXO gene expression, which in turn may positively affect cognitive function in the oldest old population. Our empirical findings imply that the health benefits of particular nutritional interventions, including tea drinking, may, in part, depend upon individual genetic profiles."
"AB To obtain a more secure colour image cryptosystem without complex construction, this paper presents a general simple colour image encryption model with a very high level of security, and that is based on two nearby orbits of chaotic systems. First, the initial value of a one-dimensional (1D) chaotic map is obtained using plaintext. Then, we obtain two nearby orbits of 1D chaotic maps to generate three new chaotic signals. Next, the generated systems independently encrypt the red, green and blue components (RGB) of the colour image. Finally, the three encrypted images are combined to obtain the final encrypted image. Simulation results show that our method is simple, effective and passed all NIST tests and part of TestU01 test. Since the proposed method is related to plaintext, it has much higher security level compared with the most recently reported chaos-based image algorithms. More importantly, the 1D logistic cryptosystem based on our method has a large key space with higher security. (C) 2020 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Sustainable supply chain management is one vital element in achieving competitive advantage in business management and knowledge management is seen to be one key enabler. However, in previous studies the interrelationships between knowledge management and sustainable supply chain management are still under-explored. This study proposes a set of measures and interpretive structural modelling methods to identify the driving and dependence powers in sustainable supply chain management within the context of knowledge management, so as to improve the performance of firms from the textile industry in Vietnam. The research result indicated that learning organisation, information/knowledge sharing, joint knowledge creation, information technology and knowledge storage are amongst the highest driving and dependence powers. These attributes are deemed to be most-effective to enhance the performance of firms. To further enhance the value of this research, theoretical and managerial implications are also discussed in this study. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB This paper argues for the use of Total Interpretive Structural Modeling (TISM) in sustainable supply chain management (SSCM). The literature has identified antecedents and drivers for the adoption of SSCM. However, there is relatively little research on methodological approaches and techniques that take into account the dynamic nature of SSCM and bridge the existing quantitative/qualitative divide. To address this gap, this paper firstly systematically reviews the literature on SSCM drivers; secondly, it argues for the use of alternative methods research to address questions related to SSCM drivers; and thirdly, it proposes and illustrates the use of TISM and Cross Impact Matrix-multiplication applied to classification (MICMAC) analysis to test a framework that extrapolates SSCM drivers and their relationships. The framework depicts how drivers are distributed in various levels and how a particular driver influences the other through transitive links. The paper concludes with limitations and further research directions. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Companies producing consumer goods are showing a greater interest in integrating the concept of 'environmental footprinting' into their management. Usually, one component of a footprint is road transport. While land use and greenhouse gas emissions are accounted for in life cycle assessment the focus often is on the latter. The additional impact by roads and vehicles - particularly regarding biological diversity - is seldom considered. One reason for this deficit is that findings from road ecology are not sufficiently quantifiable to integrate in life cycle or footprinting analyses. In this article, approaches for quantifying direct land use, degradation of adjunct area, and fragmentation are introduced. Methodologically, this is achieved through a literature analysis and the use of case studies. Four equations are presented that allow measuring spatial impacts of transport processes. Results can be used for more complete impact mitigation and reporting in the context of LCA. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Background: Transportation plays a crucial role in our day to day life, without transportation facility it's really impossible to lead modern day routine life. The scope of transportation, supply chain management, logistics management plays a vital role within the delivery of products and services. The objective of this problem is to minimize the transportation cost and achieve efficient routing. Methods: We proposed an environmental oriented hybrid optimal routing algorithm for the road transportation system, we are looking this problem as a multi objective multi criteria because the goal is to minimize the distance and also the pollution. Results: The hybrid optimal based routing is achieved depending on the average convergence of distance and the pollution from the initial population. Conclusions: The experimental results evident that the new proposed technique performance well with the environmental factors. In addition to that, it is also outlined that further research work can be carried out to promote the proposed system with Vehicular Ad-hoc Network to provide betterment of Intelligent Transportation System."
"AB Sustainable supply chain management (SSCM) is a topic that has become increasingly important in recent years. However, very few papers focus on studying SSCM from both leadership and learning perspectives. In this research, we carry out a content-based literature review on the intersections of Supply Chain leadership, Supply Chain Learning and SSCM; we propose a conceptual framework on how focal companies assuming a leadership role initiate and disseminate sustainable practices in their supply chains. Three types of sustainable supply chain management (SSCM) strategies (i.e., reactive, contributive and proactive) have been identified in this research based on four dimensions of SSCM governance, supply chain learning, supply chain leadership and SSCM performance. It is argued that two new constructs of supply chain learning and supply chain leadership are an integral part of the SSCM conceptual framework developed from the literature and have significant implication to our understanding of SSCM. (C) 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB A convenient, accurate, and effective approach for the identification of Chinese teas and their production area has been developed. For this, Chinese tea samples from different regions were collected and their odours were analysed by an electronic nose (E-nose). An unambiguous identification of the Chinese teas could not be achieved by means of traditional principal component analysis or linear discriminant analysis methods. Thus, multiple logistic regression (MLR), support vector machines (SVM), and random forests (RF) were employed as alternative to build identification models. The experimental results show that the method aiming within scope based on the RF performs very well, with prediction accuracies and computation times being superior to the two others (MLR and SVM). The results were demonstrated that E-nose could be used in the classification of Chinese teas, when an optimal pattern recognition algorithm is selected. The present study provides a critical outlook on the developments of Chinese teas identification, authenticity control and against adulteration in the Chinese circulation market."
"AB Waste and its reuse have constituted an important field of economic activity for most of human history, including modern times. While the collected articles of this special issue exemplify the significance that waste salvage had in mobilising resources in Europe, Asia, and North America in World War II, this introduction situates these cases in a long-term perspective. It explores the continuities and ruptures inside the structures, markets, and actors of the salvage business from late nineteenth century waste reclamation, including the sanitary era of municipal waste disposal, to the more recent era of 'green' recycling. It argues that we need to rethink waste's role within business history by delineating four basic characteristics of the waste business: the moral economies that govern wasting and reusing; the informality of the trade and its operations; the trans-sectorality of the waste streams; and the reverse logistics of the waste salvage trade."
"AB Autonomous delivery robot (ADR) technology for last-mile freight deliveries is a valuable step towards low-carbon logistics. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has put a global spotlight on ADRs for contactless package deliveries, and tremendous market interest has been pushing ADR developers to provide large-scale operation in several US cities. The deployment and penetration of ADR technology in this emerging marketplace calls for collection and analysis of consumer preference data on ADRs. This study addresses the need for research on public acceptance of ADRs and offers a detailed analysis of consumer preferences, trust, attitudes, and willingness to pay (WTP) using a representative sample of 483 consumers in Portland. The results reveal six underlying consumer segments: Direct Shoppers, E-Shopping Lovers, COVID Converts, Omnichannel Consumers, E-Shopping Skeptics, and Indifferent Consumers. By identifying the WTP determinants of these latent classes, this study provides actionable guidance for fostering mass adoption of low-carbon deliveries in the last-mile."
"AB Data collected from a national survey of economic development professionals are used in this study to examine the perceived role of Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design-certified and Energy Star-certified buildings in the business recruitment process. A series of ordinal logistic regression models are estimated to examine economic developers' attitudes toward these buildings after controlling for their personal characteristics and the characteristics of the communities where they work. The results suggest less favorable perceptions about this form of sustainable real estate development in smaller communities and those with weaker economic fundamentals. Furthermore, women employed in economic development are found to have more favorable attitudes toward these buildings than their male counterparts. Increasing support for sustainable real estate development among economic developers working in local government may therefore require a combination of thoughtful policy making, executive education, and greater gender diversity in the profession."
"AB Against the background of the pollution of the environment through plastic waste, we conducted a field experiment (N= 195) to test the effectiveness of a default nudge intervention that aimed at reducing the consumption of plastic drinking straws. We assumed that separating straws from cups by default leads to an overall decrease in straw consumption. We hypothesized that individuals would consume straws less frequently when they had to pick straws actively out of a separate straw box for their drink compared to when they could choose between cups already containing and not containing straws. Results of a logistic regression revealed a significant difference between both conditions concerning the use of drinking straws [B= 1.129 (SE= 0.30),p< 001 with an odds ratio ofOR= 0.32]. Confirming our hypothesis, results underline that minor and subtle interventions addressing waste reduction might have marked effects. More research is needed to improve current and future interventions to significantly reduce the amount of plastic consumption and consequently reduce the waste in the environment."
"AB Today in the global market, sustainable supply chain management has turned into a significant issue for managers and researchers. Selection and evaluation related to the rewarding and satisfying supplier are one of the main points in each supply chain. Data envelopment analysis (DEA) is a popular method to measure the performance and efficiency of suppliers and organizations. In this study, a novel two-stage DEA network model is proposed in the presence of uncontrollable inputs and undesirable outputs with considering the set of intermediate elements between two stages to evaluate and select the best sustainable supplier. The provided model is applied in a plastic case study by ten decision-making units (DMUs) as suppliers or alternatives to denote validity and applicability of the suggested model."
"AB The present study aims at exploring whether aspects of urban form (compactness ratio and elongation ratio) are associated with urban smog (particulate matter) in China. Quantitative indicators relating to urban form and urban smog were selected and quantified for 30 Chinese cities, for the reference years 2000, 2007, and 2010, by using a combination of compiled statistical data, remote sensing, and geographical information system data. Panel data analysis was used to evaluate the degree of association between measures of urban form and urban smog, while controlling for urban population, built-up area green coverage rate, power consumption, SO2 emissions, gross value of industrial output, gross industrial output, and buses per capita. The results indicate that urban compactness and urban elongation were positively correlated to urban particulate matter. It is therefore recommended to consider the implication of urban form on smog as part of urban planning and as part of ongoing strategies to mitigate the deleterious consequences of air pollution."
"AB The present paper analyses the factors associated with intensity in resource efficiency practices of European SMEs, considering four categories of firms according to their level of investment (very low, low, medium and high). Based on the stakeholder theory, we estimate a generalised ordinal logistic model which allows us to analyse the relationship between internal and external pressures, resources and capabilities and different categories of investments in resource efficiency. Results confirm that environmental organisational capabilities and financial resources are positively associated with the probability of achieving the highest investment intensity. The pressure of customers and providers and technical expertise increase the probability of firms' moving from low levels of investment to medium levels. On the other hand, regulation, managerial environmental and economic awareness and external pressures from competitors increase the probability to remain in the group of the low resource efficiency. Finally, technological and organisational capabilities moderate the effect of stakeholder pressures on resource efficiency investment."
AB Objectives. We examined associations between specific public open space (POS) attributes and recreational walking to local POS.
"AB The objective of this study is to provide an overview of Blockchain technology and Industry 4.0 for advancing supply chains towards sustainability. First, extracted from the existing literature, we evaluate the capabilities of Industry 4.0 for sustainability under three main topics of (1) Internet of things (IoT)-enabled energy management in smart factories; (2) smart logistics and transportation; and (3) smart business models. We expand beyond Industry 4.0 with unfolding the capabilities that Blockchain offers for increasing sustainability, under four main areas: (1) design of incentive mechanisms and tokenization to promote consumer green behavior; (2) enhance visibility across the entire product lifecycle; (3) increase systems efficiency while decreasing development and operational costs; and (4) foster sustainability monitoring and reporting performance across supply chain networks. Furthermore, Blockchain technology capabilities for contributing to social and environmental sustainability, research gaps, adversary effects of Blockchain, and future research directions are discussed."
"AB Urbanization is one of the most significant and irreversible forms of land change, but we lack empirical evidence of these changes in the Global South. This is the first study to quantify past and explore future land change for the Durban metropolitan, using Land Change Modeler (LCM) software. Results show between 1994-2016, the total changed area was 118,403 ha (47% of landscape) and eleven transition categories were responsible for these changes. Three scenarios were explored: Scenario 1: business as usual (BAU), Scenario 2: green space protection (GSP), and Scenario 3: integrated rapid public transport network (IRPTN), up to the year 2076. BAU and IRPTN show similar projected spatial change concentrated in the west and north. GSP shares temporal change trends with BAU, but projects spatial change concentrated in the north and south. We discuss the utility of this modelling approach to understand land change processes useful for climate change planning."
"AB Adopting green practices in supply chains contributes towards protecting the environment. For the successful adoption of environmentally sustainable supply chain management (ESSCM), the dimensions related to technology, strategy, policy and so forth, termed as hard dimensions in the scholarly literature, play a significant role. However, the independent influence of these dimensions on ESSCM has not been previously studied. Therefore, the present study aims to fill this gap and to evaluate the effectiveness of these dimensions. To do this, the most significant dimensions are identified through a thorough literature review and experts' inputs. To determine their priority and cause-effect relationship, a hybrid approach of best-worst method (BWM) and decision-making trial and evaluation laboratory (DEMATEL) is used. The analysis indicates that 'total quality management' and 'technologies for cleaner production' are the most important causal dimensions, and it provides several insights to the decision makers to formulate robust business strategies to the adoption of ESSCM."
"AB Borrowing from concepts of socio-environmental epidemiology and psychology, we conceived self-rated health as a function of multiple physical and psychosocial stressors and resources at the residential neighbourhood and individual level. In this model of multiple stressors, objective exposure to road traffic noise was specified as a physical stressor whose effect on health may be mediated and modified by residents' subjective response to noise (serious noise annoyance). Self-reported hearing disability, recreational coping in green areas and residential neighbourhood satisfaction were examined as additional psychosocial stressors or resources, independently of socio-demographic and -economic factors. Results from our empirical analysis based on two studies and multivariable logistic regressions might support the idea that environmental planning should overcome sectoral boundaries and adopt an integrative approach including objective exposures, residents' subjective responses, and perceived resources."
"AB To provide environmentally sustainable development of a wood processing enterprise, it is necessary to implement environmentally sustainable products. The study focuses on identifying the factors of consumer perception of environmentally sustainable wood processing products and recommends how to ensure such product development. The main objective of the research was to survey the perception of environmentally sustainable wood processing products by consumers and to identify the factors that consumers take into account when making purchasing decisions. The survey was conducted by the method of questionnaire, addressing 754 adult inhabitants of Slovakia. The results revealed that the most frequently indicated reason for purchasing environmentally sustainable wood processing products was that they had a positive impact on health. The most commonly identified reason why consumers do not buy these products was their high price. The survey results should help understand the needs of consumers with regard to the environmental aspects of wood processing products, and thus ensure better satisfaction of their environmental needs."
"AB This paper proposes a colour image encryption scheme to encrypt colour images of arbitrary sizes. In this scheme, a fixed block size (3 x 8) based block-level diffusion operation is performed to encrypt arbitrary sized images. The proposed technique overcomes the limitation of performing block-level diffusion operations in arbitrary sized images. This method first performs bit-plane decomposition and concatenation operation on the three components (blue, green, and red) of the colour image. Second it performs row and column shuffling operation using the Logistic-Sine System. Then the proposed scheme executes block division and fixed block-level diffusion (exclusive-OR) operation using the key image generated by the Piece-wise Linear Chaotic Map. At last, the cipher image is generated by combining the diffused blocks. In addition, the SHA-256 hashing on plain image is used to make chaotic sequences unique in each encryption process and to protect the ciphertext against the known-plaintext attack and the chosen-plaintext attack. Simulation results and various parameter analysis demonstrate the algorithm's best performance in image encryption and various common attacks."
"AB Greenhouse gas emissions are receiving greater scrutiny in many countries due to international forces to reduce anthropogenic global climate change. Industry and their supply chains represent a major source of these emissions. This paper presents a tactical supply chain planning model that integrates economic and carbon emission objectives under a carbon tax policy scheme. A modified Cross-Entropy solution method is adopted to solve the proposed nonlinear supply chain planning model. Numerical experiments are completed utilizing data from an actual organization in Australia where a carbon tax is in operation. The analyses of the numerical results provide important organizational and policy insights on (1) the financial and emissions reduction impacts of a carbon tax at the tactical planning level, (2) the use of cost/emission tradeoff analysis for making informed decisions on investments, (3) the way to price carbon for maximum environmental returns per dollar increase in supply chain cost. (C) 2014 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB This study examines the association between park characteristics and frequency of park utilization for exercise and recreational walking. For this purpose, the survey was conducted among adults living in four neighborhoods of Bandar Abbas city, Iran. Five hundred questionnaires were distributed among the participants, of which 442 were qualified to be used for further analysis. Further recorded were the observation data using the Environmental Assessment for Public Recreation Spaces instrument from the parks noted by the respondents (n = 21). Using logistic regression, the findings revealed that park characteristics including facility, amenity, safety, size, and proximity were associated with higher park utilization for exercise walking. In addition, park characteristics such as facility, amenity, safety, esthetics, and proximity correlated with higher park utilization for recreational walking. The findings from the study confirmed the association of park characteristics with exercise and recreational walking. It can be concluded that enhancing the quality of parks can be highly conducive to higher park-based walking activity in the neighborhoods."
"AB In today's competitive business environment, supply chain performance is one of the most critical issues in various industries. It is argued that supply chain performance measurement is fundamental to efficient supply chain management. Over the past two decades, several frameworks and systems have been developed to meet this need. This study reviews the literature in the field of supply chain performance measurement and assembles an overview of those systems, approaches, techniques and criteria. For this purpose, 83 of 374 related articles from 1998 to 2015 were selected for final review using the Scopus and ISI databases. Findings disclose that performance measurement in supply chain contexts is still a fruitful area of research. The study also provides an overview of the performance measures employed in supply chain systems. These findings present a solid basis for future academic and practitioner work in the field of supply chain performance measurement. (C) 2016 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB This article aims to evaluate whether the enablers top and middle management support and strategic purchasing facilitate the development of sustainable supply chain practices, as well as the effect of the latter on competitive advantage. Partial least squares structural equation modelling (PLS-SEM) was applied to test the proposed model based on a sample from companies operating in Colombia. The main hypotheses of the research were supported, implying that a suitable combination between internal enablers and the adoption of sustainable supply chain practices is important to pursue competitive advantage. However, the hypothesis for the expected effect of environmental practices wasn't supported, suggesting that there is a win-win perspective between social practices in supply chains and competitive advantage in the context of emerging economies. And the analysis of the non-supported hypothesis is one of the contributions of the article."
"AB The purpose of this paper is to identify the key requirements for measuring enterprise sustainability. The paper argues that measuring enterprise sustainability requires the explicit consideration of a focal firm, its supply chain and the sustainability context within which the firm operates. Building on this notion, original definitions of enterprise sustainability and enterprise sustainability performance measurement systems (ESPMSs) are proposed. The definitions provide the basis for the development of a novel conceptual framework. The framework is used to identify seven key requirements and 35 associated sub-requirements for an ESPMS. Overall, the requirements highlight that sustainability performance measurement requires a systematic, structured and integrated approach that considers all aspects of enterprise sustainability. The framework presented in this paper is a conceptual model. In recognition of this point, the paper provides discussions on the potential application of the framework and guidance for further research. The academic, managerial and societal implications of the paper are also discussed. Copyright (c) 2014 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd and ERP Environment"
"AB In recent years, as a result of the increase in environmental problems, green logistics has become a focus of interest by researchers, governments, policy makers, and investors. In this study, a cumulative multi-trip vehicle routing problem with limited duration (CumMTVRP-LD) is modelled by taking into account the reduction of CO (2) emissions. In classical vehicle routing problems (VRP), each vehicle can perform only one trip. Because of the high investment costs of additional vehicles, organizations allow the vehicles to perform multiple trips as in multi-trip vehicle routing problems (MTVRP), which reflects the real requirements better than the classical VRP. This study contributes to the literature by using a mixed integer programming (MIP) formulation and a simulated annealing (SA) based solution methodology for CumMTVRP-LD, which considers the minimization of fuel consumption as the objective function. According to preliminary computational results using benchmark problems in the literature, the proposed methodology obtained promising results in terms of solution quality and computational time."
"AB The paper reviews existing literature on corporate responsibility (CR) in the port sector and proposes a conceptual framework that brings together the CR drivers in port environmental strategies. The conceptual framework is derived from the existing literature and is based on institutional theory. The literature review is supported by a discussion on CR strategies in 10 major ports around the world. The paper argues that ports tend to replicate environmental strategies across regions and learn from each other, and that a competitive focus on logistics tends to strengthen the importance of CR and in particular of environmental performance in ports. For some ports CR has become an integral part of their value creation proposition mostly as a result of competitive pressure. Furthermore, the paper advances also a correspondence between the degree of port agility and the CR profile of the port. Managerial and policy implications are also discussed."
"AB The bikesharing studies on user adoption and operational logistics render little understanding of how users' motivation influences their continuous participation in bikesharing services. Drawing on brand attachment theory and perceived value theory, this study proposes and empirically examines an integrated model of interrelationships between perceived value, brand attachment, psychological ownership, and brand citizenship behavior among bikesharing users. Specifically, three dimensions of perceived value including symbolic, functional, and economic values are conceptualized as the antecedents of brand attachment. Using an online survey sample of 462 bikesharing users in Taiwan, our findings indicate that both symbolic and economic values instead of functional value have significant positive effects on brand attachment. We found that psychological ownership mediates between brand attachment and brand citizenship behavior. User's brand attachment leads to positive influence on both psychological ownership and brand citizenship behavior. Psychology ownership also has a positive effect on brand citizenship behavior."
"AB Under the background of severe air pollution and energy shortage, electric vehicles (EVs) are promising vehicles to support green supply chain and clean production. In the world, the renewal of EVs has become a general trend. Therefore, the concern about EVs is a hot issue at present, but EVs have the characteristics of limited driving distance and long charging time. When the EVs are used in logistics transportation, these characteristics have a significant impact on the vehicle routing problems. Therefore, based on the research experience of traditional vehicle routing optimization, combining with the characteristics of EVs, this paper presents an optimal problem of electric vehicle routes with time windows based on two charging methods and it also designs a mathematical model which was caused by early and late arrival as the objective function to minimize the transportation cost, vehicle use cost, power supply cost, and penalty cost. The model is solved using an ant colony algorithm. Finally, the ant colony algorithm is tested and analysed with an example."
"AB The main purpose of this article is studying the factors influencing eco-innovative intensity in the European SMEs. Building upon the 'innovation triangle model', business competences, environmental orientation and network involvement are considered as the main determinants of 'greenness' of innovation in a sample of 3852 SMEs. Four categories of eco-innovators (leaders, followers, loungers and laggards) are identified, and their profiles/driving factors are described using a generalized ordinal logistic model. Our results confirm that the increasing demand for green products and the adoption of eco-organizational innovation affect positively the level of environmental innovation, while technological lock-ins have the opposite effect across all categories. Neither leaders nor laggards are influenced by environmental policies. Small firms and those who give importance to financial constraints tend not to achieve upper categories, while valuing technological capabilities, market power and networks are crucial determinants of being in upper categories of eco-innovation intensity. Copyright (c) 2014 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd and ERP Environment"
"AB Building on the policy debate about the effectiveness of the public sector in spurring environmental innovation, the present paper investigates whether and to what extent firms pursuing different approaches to environmental innovation differently respond to policy measures (among regulatory, technology-push and demand-pull instruments). Relying on data provided by the 2012 Italian Community Innovation Survey (CIS), the empirical exercise adopts a clustering approach to identify divergent innovation trajectories (EI modes) and a logistic regression model to explore the institutional drivers of distinct EI modes. The results from 1.807 manufacturing firms indicate that the role of public policies in stimulating EI practices changes in sign and magnitude across EI policy tools and modes. This study contributes to literature by providing an enriched and more nuanced view of environmental innovation processes, with important implications for the theorization of distinct classes of policy aimed at fostering the transition towards increased sustainability."
"AB In order to find a new lean methodology to improve the process of procurement management, this paper takes the warehouse in the manufacturing enterprise as a case to study. During lean consulting service provision, the firsthand material which the research work needs through the spot inspection was collected. To analysis the whole procurement process, the procurement value stream map based on the data collected was plot. Then the whole procurement process can be seen in the procurement value stream map, including making procurement plans, audit, procurement, transportation, inspection, storage, classifying and receiving materials. According to the procurement value stream map, wastes and non-value activities in the procurement process can be easily found and the improvement methods can be prompted. The contribution of this paper main reflects in two aspects: (1) the procurement value stream mapping (P-VSM) enriches improvement methodology of procurement management; (2) the P-VSM methodology enlarges the application scope of lean tools on one side."
"AB Stop and go modeling at signalized intersections under heterogeneous traffic conditions has remained one of the most sought-after fields. Drivers are often caught up in the dilemma zone and unable to take quick decisions whether to stop or cross the intersection. This hampers the traffic movement and may lead to accidents. These variables include distance-to-stop line, time-to-stop line, approach speed, acceleration/deceleration and category of the vehicle. Further, using external validation, the overall accuracy levels of the drivers' decision models based on Logistic regression (81.5 percent), Fuzzy Logic (86.98 percent) and ANN (88.67 percent) were compared. Further, a hybrid surrogate model, incorporating the Weighted Average' technique was developed so that the individual disparities were diminished and the overall accuracy for both stopping and crossing vehicles was improved. This Weighted Average Hybrid Model (WAHM), formulated by coupling Fuzzy Logic and ANN, yielded a highly accurate result (96.15 percent) and outperformed both ANN and Fuzzy Logic."
"AB Green or closed-loop supply chain had been the focus of many manufacturers during the last decade. The application of closed-loop supply chain in today's manufacturing is not only due to growing environmental concerns and the recognition of its benefits in reducing greenhouse gas emissions, energy consumption, and meeting a more strict environmental regulations but it also offers economic competitive advantages if appropriately managed. First-order hybrid Petri nets represent a powerful graphical and mathematical formalism to map and analyze the dynamics of complex systems such as closed-loop supply chain networks. This article aims at illustrating the use of first-order hybrid Petri nets to model a closed-loop supply chain network and evaluate its operational, financial, and environmental performance measures under different management policies. Actual data from auto manufacturer in the United States are used to validate network's performance under both tactical and strategic decision-making, namely, (1) tactical decision-production policies: increase of recovered versus new components and (2) strategic decision-closed-loop supply chain network structure: manufacturer internal recovery process or recovery process done by a third-party collection and recovery center. The work presented in this article is an extension of the use of first-order hybrid Petri nets as a modeling and performance analysis tool from supply chain to closed-loop supply chain. The modularity property of first-order hybrid Petri nets has been used in the modeling process, and the simulation and analysis of the modeled network are done in MATLAB (R) environment. The results of the experiments depict that first-order hybrid Petri nets are a powerful modeling and analysis formalism for closed-loop supply chain networks and can be further used as an efficient decision-making tool at both tactical and strategic levels. Unlike other researches on modeling supply chain networks that focus on evaluating individually cost, operational, or environmental aspects, the research here shows how first-order hybrid Petri nets can be extended to assess simultaneously operational, financial, and environmental network's performance measures at different managerial decision-making levels. The results particularly are compelling for researchers and industrial practitioners who can use the same methodology in evaluating their network's performance and making educated management decisions based on the performance results and the impact of their selected supply chain and manufacturing strategies."
"AB Although sustainability in the fashion industry has gained prominence from both business practices and academic research, retailing, a vital part of the supply chain, has not yet been fairly explored in academia. The interest in this area has increased lately, mainly due to the growing complexity within this dynamic context. Therefore, it is meaningful to conduct a systematic review of the relevant published literature in this field. This study aims to identify the main perspectives of research on sustainable retailing in the fashion industry. The content analysis results indicate that the most prominent areas in the field are sustainable retailing in disposable fashion, fast fashion, slow fashion, green branding and eco-labeling; retailing of secondhand fashion; reverse logistics in fashion retailing; and emerging retailing opportunities in e-commerce. The results from this review also indicate that there is a lack of research on sustainable retailing in the fashion industry in the developing market."
"AB This paper presents a new multi-objective mathematical model for a multi-modal hub location problem under a possibilistic-stochastic uncertainty. The presented model aims to minimize the total transportation and traffic noise pollution costs. Furthermore, it aims to minimize the maximum transportation time between origin-destination nodes to ensure a high probability of meeting the service guarantee. In order to cope with the uncertainties and the multi-objective model, we propose a two-phase approach, including fuzzy interactive multi-objective programming approach and an efficient method based on the Me measure. Due to the NP-hardness of the presented model, two meta-heuristic algorithms, namely hybrid differential evolution and hybrid imperialist competitive algorithm, are developed. Furthermore, a number of sensitivity analyses are provided to demonstrate the effectiveness of the presented model. Finally, the foregoing meta-heuristics are compared together through different comparison metrics. (C) 2016 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB This study examines the relationship between educational awareness and natural disasters through the lens of flood mitigation and also attempts to understand the perceptional and socio-demographical impacts in floodprone areas. Recorded as one of the most catastrophic storms in the U.S., Hurricane Harvey caused massive damages to the environment and negatively affected public health and well-being. Having sustained three flood events since opening, including Hurricane Harvey, Buffalo Bayou Park in Houston, Texas, became the case study for this research as its role relative to educational awareness and natural disasters became the focus. The study performed a questionnaire-based survey with park users. Findings showed that concerns existed with respect to park use, socio-demographics, and accessibility. The findings also showed, however, that the park design contributed to flood mitigation strategies through establishment of educational awareness of natural disasters. This awareness was confirmed by park users being knowledgeable of some flood protection strategies, including planting native and local plants and curving the bayous naturally. Also, park users noted their preference for receiving disaster-related educational news via social media and partnerships/non-profit organizations. Finally, none of the socio-demographic features showed a difference for the logistic regression model as a significant predictor while attending educational events and residing within 20 min of the park significantly increased floodmitigation awareness. This study highlights several efficient strategies that can complement the role of urban parks relative to how people experience and perceive educational activities concerning natural disasters."
"AB Background The association between spontaneous abortion (SA) and occupational characteristics among working women is not well-studied. This study aimed to assess the risk of SA and occupational factors such as occupational classification, working hours, and work schedules among working Korean women aged > 19 years. Methods In this cross-sectional study, 4078 working women were identified from among 25,534 workers in the Korea National Health and Nutrition Examination Surveys V (2010-2012) database, to obtain data on SA history and the number of SAs. Odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for SA were calculated using multiple logistic regression models after adjusting for age, education, household income, cigarette smoking, alcohol consumption, and obesity status. The weighted prevalence for the number of SAs was calculated according to occupational characteristics to demonstrate the SA status among working Korean women. Results SA occurrence was reported in 5.7% of the study participants. The ORs (95% CIs) for SA were significantly higher in pink-, green-, and blue-collared workers than in white-collared workers. Regarding weekly working hours, compared with <= 50 h spent working, the ORs (95% CIs) for 51-60, 61-70, and > 70 h per week were 1.26 (0.87-1.84), 1.63 (1.04-2.56), and 1.73 (1.10-2.70), respectively. A significantly higher weighted prevalence of repeat SAs was observed in pink- and green-collared workers and in those who worked long hours. Conclusion We found a significant association between SA, repeat SA, and occupational characteristics among working Korean women."
"AB Purpose This research focuses on establishing relationships between eco-innovation and organisational innovation and innovation in general to characterise organisational eco-innovation in European Union companies. We also aim to investigate the forms of innovations that eco-innovative companies use as well as the factors or determinants of eco-innovation in the corporate environment that impel the use of organisational innovation. Design/methodology/approach We use the estimation of different binary logistic regression models with maximum likelihood applied to a sample obtained from the Eurostat's Community Innovation Survey 2014 database as a starting point. Findings The results suggest that the type of organisational innovation most closely related to eco-innovation is found in work responsibility and decision-making methods. Some less frequently studied significant factors are highlighted, such as training or aspects related to intellectual capital and knowledge management, since significant indications of the importance and acquisition of existing know-how have appeared, in contrast to internal knowledge generation. Originality/value The study seeks to observe what specific quantitative drivers (external or internal) are used for organisational eco-innovation, as a specific subtype of eco-innovation. This can improve our understanding of the ways in which organisational innovation can be used by corporations to provide environmental benefits. The academic literature provides information on the drivers and determinants for both organisational innovation and eco-innovation separately, but we believe this article offers a new approach by looking at the specific eco-innovation drivers achieved through organisational innovation."
"AB Background Peripheral blood leukocyte (PBL) DNA methylation may serve as a surrogate marker to evaluate the susceptibility to and prognosis of gastric cancer (GC). In this study, blood-derived DNA methylation levels of two tumour-related genes, namely, ZNF331 and WIF1, and their impacts on the risk and prognosis of GC were evaluated. Methods In total, 398 GC cases and 397 controls were recruited for the study. Then, all cases were followed up for 5 years. ZNF331 and WIF1 promoter methylation status in PBLs was measured using a methylation-sensitive high-resolution melting method. Logistic and Cox regression models were used to analyse the correlation between gene methylation and the risk and prognosis of GC. Confounders were balanced through propensity score (PS) matching. Results High ZNF331 methylation significantly decreased GC risk after PS adjustment (OR = 0.580, 95% CI: 0.375-0.898, P = 0.015), which also presented in males (OR = 0.577, 95% CI: 0.343-0.970, P = 0.038). However, WIF1 methylation was not associated with GC risk. Additionally, significant combined effects between ZNF331 methylation and the intake of green vegetables and garlic were observed (OR = 0.073, 95% CI: 0.027-0.196, P < 0.001 and OR = 0.138, 95% CI: 0.080-0.238, P < 0.001, respectively). Furthermore, ZNF331 and WIF1 methylation had no impact on the prognosis of GC. Conclusion ZNF331 methylation in PBLs may affect GC risk in combination with the consumption of green vegetables and garlic and may act as a potential biomarker of GC."
"AB Living in greener places may protect against obesity, but epidemiological evidence is inconsistent and mainly comes from developed nations. We aimed to investigate the association between greenness and obesity in Chinese adults and to assess air pollution and physical activity as mediators of the association. We recruited 24,845 adults from the 33 Communities Chinese Health Study in 2009. Central and peripheral obesity were defined by waist circumference (WC) and body mass index (BMI), respectively, based on international obesity standards. The Normalized Difference Vegetation Index (NDVI) was used to quantify community greenness. Two-level logistic and generalized linear mixed regression models were used to evaluate the association between NDVI and obesity, and a conditional mediation analysis was used also performed. In the adjusted models, an interquartile range increase in NDVI500-m was significantly associated with lower odds of peripheral 0.80 (95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.74-0.87) and central obesity 0.88 (95% CI: 0.83-0.93). Higher NDVI values were also significantly associated with lower BMI. Age, gender, and household income significantly modified associations between greenness and obesity, with stronger associations among women, older participants, and participants with lower household incomes. Air pollution mediated 2.1-20.8% of the greenness-obesity associations, but no mediating effects were observed for physical activity. In summary, higher community greenness level was associated with lower odds of central and peripheral obesity, especially among women, older participants, and those with lower household incomes. These associations were partially mediated by air pollutants. Future well-designed longitudinal studies are needed to confirm our findings. (C) 2019 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB The Surra caused by Trypanosoma evansi (T. evansi) is an economically damaging disease of livestock including camels, horses, and buffaloes. The disease is transmitted by arthropod flies belonging to family tabanidae. The clinical signs of affected animals include recurrent fever, progressive anemia, cachexia, edema, and abortion. In order to determine the point prevalence of Surra in the camel population of north-east of Iran, 152 blood samples from one-humped camels were collected by multiple cluster sampling methods from three provinces, namely, Razavi Khorasan (R.Kh.), Northern Khorasan (N.Kh.), and Southern Khorasan (S.Kh.). The nucleic acid extracted from the bully coat of each blood sample was analyzed by SYBR green real-time PCR test for the detection of T. evansi in the blood samples."
"AB Consumption of certain foods during pregnancy has been shown to have beneficial effects on childhood asthma and allergic disease development and aggravation. However, most studies provide conflicting results and the relationships between maternal preconceptional diet and risks of childhood asthma and allergic disease have not previously been explored. The objective of this study was to assess maternal diet during the year before pregnancy and the last 3 months of pregnancy and investigate their associations with the risks of asthma, wheezing, allergic rhinitis and atopic dermatitis in young children."
"AB The global economy's transition toward more sustainable development models is undoubtedly grounded on small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs). However, SMEs, individual entrepreneurs, and microenterprises have always encountered barriers to implementing social responsibility and sustainability concepts. The paper investigates the enabling role of formalized corporate networks to drive SMEs toward sustainable behaviors. A quantitative nonlinear regression approach is applied to a content analysis of a sample of network contracts coded. The content analysis is applied to analyze the declared objectives, the purpose of the contract, and sustainability areas. An ordered logistic regression is applied on variables related to the behavior of SMEs before entering in the contract and post-adhesion phases. Data demonstrates how networks of SMEs can be used as enabling factors to boost sustainability among them. Specifically, the study is based on a sample of 96 formalized network contracts (FNCs), including 1486 Italian SMEs in that sustainability-oriented networks. It offers an evidence-based perspective on how networks of companies can play a fundamental role in the development of policies aimed at bringing small companies closer to the concept of sustainability (such as eco-innovations, eco-efficiency, environmental performance, and social innovations, among others) and its practical implementation. This paper has two significant strengths. The first is that it uses as a sample a set of 1486 companies, including individual entrepreneurs and microenterprises, whose data are usually difficult to collect. The second is that it demonstrates the efficacy of a contractual form that could be scalable to different countries."
"AB This study aimed to evaluate the occurrence of the green tobacco sickness (GTS) and its associated factors in tobacco familiar farmers residing in Dom Feliciano, Rio Grande do Sul State, Brazil. A cross-sectional study was conducted evaluating the sickness in 354 small tobacco farmers, between October 2011 and March 2012. The urinary concentration of cotinine, a biomarker of exposure to nicotine, was determined during the tobacco harvest period. Subjects presenting cotinine urinary levels >= 50ng/mL that had contact with tobacco leaves up to 48 hours before the sample collection and reported at least one disease symptom were deemed as cases. A non-conditional logistic analysis was performed to evaluate the association between GTS and the population characteristics. A total of 122 (34.5%) cases were identified, with 39% of them being smokers and 61% being males. The median cotinine urinary concentrations were 75.6ng/mL (74. Ing/Ing of creatinine) for non-cases and 755.8ng/mL (632. 1ng/mg of creatinine) for the cases (p-value <= 0.01). The multivariate analysis showed a positive association between GTS and sunlight exposure time, exposure to pesticides, worse health status, and inverse association with wood cultivation. This study presented a high GTS prevalence and suggest that the use of urinary cotinine is a significant biomarker to determine GTS cases, influencing in the distribution by sex. Once the tobacco production involves health hazards, is important to implement measures to prevent the harm caused to tobacco farmers, as set in articles 17 and 18 of the World Health Organization Framework Convention on Tobacco Control."
"AB The design of an e-waste collection policy is challenging, especially for a country like India, where the economy is a developing state, and there is a large diversity in socio-economic factors. The e-waste collection policy impacts the various stakeholders such as the manufacturer, the raw material producers, the assemblers, the retailers, the generator (households and bulk consumers), the scrap dealers, the smelters, the recyclers, and the regulators. The design of an e-waste collection policy needs to consider the appropriate set of Critical Success Factors (CSFs), which will maximise the e-waste collection providing business sustainability to the stakeholders while satisfying the environmental regulations in the operating locations. Twenty-three CSFs identified and categorised in six implication dimensions for the e-waste collection policy framework based on a literature survey and experts committee view. The fuzzy DEMATEL approach is employed to analyse the CSFs to design an e-waste collection policy in India from a comprehensive perspective. Cause and effect interrelationship is established among the CSFs, and also their impacts are evaluated to segregate the CSFs into cause group (prominent influencing and independent) and effect group (influenced and dependent). The CSFs such as technology involvement, green practices, environmental program, certification and licensing, public ethics and stakeholder's awareness for circular economy are prominent influencing CSFs for e-waste collection policy in India. The current study is expected to provide a platform for policymakers to design the e-waste collection policy."
"AB The aim of the study was to test the associations between the self-reported access to exercise in green spaces (GS) and moderate-to-vigorous physical activity (MVPA) testing the mediating role of the motivation. Based on self-determination theory (SDT), we expected that self-determined motivation will mediate the associations between the self-reported availability of GS for exercising (GSE) and MVPA with the most self-determined exercise regulation forms (identified and intrinsic motivation) demonstrating the strongest positive associations between the variables. Method: The sample consisted of 2154 participants (74.7% women). The ages ranged from 18 to 79 years, with a mean age of 32.6 (SD = 12.2) years. Participants completed the Behavior Regulation in Exercise Questionnaire-2, the measures of self-reported distance to residential GS (RGS), availability of the GS for exercising (GSE), and physical activity (PA). Logistic regression and path analysis were used to test the associations between study variables. Results: Higher reported distance to RGS was associated with lower reported availability of GSE, but not PA. Availability of GSE was directly associated with more frequent MVPA. More autonomous forms of exercise behavior regulation (intrinsic and identified regulations) mediated the associations between self-reported availability of GSE and MVPA. Internal and identified exercise regulations were directly associated with more frequent MVPA. Conclusions: The results of the present study support the main tenets of SDT suggesting that self-determined behavioral exercise regulation is an important mediator between the self-reported availability of GSE and general MVPA. Practical implications of these findings are discussed herein."
AB Background Causes for occult stress urinary incontinence (SUI) are poorly recognised.
"AB Introduction. The percentage of shade and scarification can influence the germination of Ischaemun rugosum Salisb. Knowledge of these aspects would allow establishment of successful measures for an integrated management of this species. Objective. To compare the influence of different percentages of shade on the germination of scarified and not scarified I. rugosum Salisb. Materials and methods. This experiment was carried out in micro-tunnels during the dry season and the transition to the rainy season, at Fabio Baudrit Moreno Agricultural Experimental Station, Alajuela, Costa Rica, during 2016. In the dry season, the following shade percentages were used 0 %, 30 %, 50 % (green saran), and 100 % (black saran). In the transition to the rainy season, the same percentages of shade were used, but the black saran was changed to 70 % white saran, in both experiments scarified and non-scarified seeds of the weed were used and germination was counted. The data were analyzed with logistic regression and a hypothesis test for the regression coefficients with a significance level of 5 %. Results. In the dry season there was greater germination with non-scarified seeds and 50 % shade. During the transition to the rainy season the highest germination occurred at four days after sowing (dds), under 50 % shade and with scarified seed, and fifteen days after sowing the highest germination (odds ratio 8.67 to 1) occurred with 70 % shade, green saran and scarified seed. Conclusion. Scarification allowed an increase in germination in the transition to the rainy season, not in the dry season. In both seasons there was a positive influence on germination with the shade percentages of 50 % and 70 %."
"AB Purpose The purpose of this paper is to explore how rising technologies from Industry 4.0 can be integrated with circular economy (CE) practices to establish a business model that reuses and recycles wasted material such as scrap metal or e-waste. Design/methodology/approach The qualitative research method was deployed in three stages. Stage 1 was a literature review of concepts, successful factors and barriers related to the transition towards a CE along with sustainable supply chain management, smart production systems and additive manufacturing (AM). Stage 2 comprised a conceptual framework to integrate and evaluate the synergistic potential among these concepts. Finally, stage 3 validated the proposed model by collecting rich qualitative data based on semi-structured interviews with managers, researchers and professors of operations management to gather insightful and relevant information. Findings The outcome of the study is the recommendation of a circular model to reuse scrap electronic devices, integrating web technologies, reverse logistics and AM to support CE practices. Results suggest a positive influence from improving business sustainability by reinserting waste into the supply chain to manufacture products on demand."
"AB Citrus huanglongbing (HLB) is a severe disease caused by Candidatus Liberibacter asiaticus' and vectored by Diaphorina citri. In commercial orchards, where the disease is controlled by removal of trees with symptoms and by frequent vector control, epidemics of HLB are mostly driven by primary infections from inoculum sources external to the orchard. It has been previously shown that the density of D. citri populations is usually higher around the edges than the inner sections of HLB-affected citrus orchards. Consequently, diseased trees are also concentrated on the edges of orchards. However, there is a lack of quantitative data on HLB gradient dynamics over long periods of time. The objective of this study was to characterize temporal HLB progress and spatiotemporal gradient dynamics over six years in a large citrus farm where the disease was managed according to standard recommendations. Disease incidence and annual disease progress rates were higher at the citrus blocks closer to the edge than those located around inner sections of the farm. A decreasing logistic function provided a good description of the spatiotemporal dynamics of HLB gradients. A fixed slope of disease gradients was estimated over time and diseased trees were observed up to 1500m from the orchard border. These results confirm that primary infection is the main factor for the progress of HLB epidemics in an orchard under the recommended three-pronged system management. Therefore, HLB management should be intensified at the blocks located on the edges of the orchards and extended to external sources of inoculum."
"AB This study examined the association between dietary patterns and the development of frailty during 4-, 8-, 12-year follow-up periods in the population-based Taiwan Study. We used the data of an elderly population aged 53 years and over (n = 3486) from four waves of the Taiwan Longitudinal Study on Aging. Frailty was identified by using the modified Fried criteria and the values were summed to derive a frailty score. We applied reduced rank regression to determine dietary patterns, which were divided into tertiles (healthy, general, and unhealthy dietary pattern). We used multinomial logistic regression models to assess the association between dietary patterns and the risk of frailty. The healthy dietary pattern was characterized by a higher intake of antioxidant drinks (tea), energy-rich foods (carbohydrates, e.g., rice, noodles), protein-rich foods (fish, meat, seafood, and eggs), and phytonutrient-rich foods (fruit and dark green vegetables). Compared with the healthy pattern, the unhealthy dietary pattern showed significant cross-sectional, short-term, medium-term, and long-term associations with a higher prevalence of frailty (odds ratios (OR) 2.74; 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.94-3.87, OR 2.55; 95% CI 1.67-3.88, OR 1.66; 95% CI 1.07-2.57, and OR 2.35; 95% CI 1.27-4.34, respectively). Our findings support recommendations to increase the intake of antioxidant drinks, energy-rich foods, protein-rich foods, and phytonutrient-rich foods, which were associated with a non-frail status. This healthy dietary pattern can help prevent frailty over time in elderly people."
"AB Soil-water-climate-vegetation interactions jointly determine the ability of landscapes to provide ecosystem functions and services. In particular, spatio-temporal patterns in soil moisture underpin landscape ecohydrology. Though these patterns have been of interest to researchers for some time, there is new interest in the topic today as city managers engineer green infrastructure (GI) into urban landscapes. This paper presents soil moisture data collected from 2012 to 2014, and weighing lysimeter observations continuing through 2016, in two urban GI systems. Relationships between precipitation history, season, soil depth, hydraulic loading ratio (HLR) on the frequency and magnitude of soil moisture responses are described quantitatively. A logistic regression model is used to quantify the odds that each of these variables triggers a detectable soil moisture response. The results suggest that the higher HLR site (Site 2, HLR = 3.8) had 129.7% higher odds of a soil moisture response than Site 1 (HLR = 1). The results also indicate that there are 82.9% lower odds of a response in summer than in winter. Moreover, the odds of a response decrease with increasing soil depth. The linkage between GI siting and design decisions that impact soil moisture and ecosystem services is illustrated by also reporting evapotranspiration (ET) rates at the sites as determined by the lysimeter. Higher ET observed during wetter conditions supports the hypothesis that GI siting and design factors that lead to higher moisture content can engender greater ecosystem services associated with this hydrologic process. Indeed, the higher HLR of Site 2 sustained higher soil moisture levels during the summer compared to Site 1."
"AB Wheat stripe rust, caused by Puccinia striiformis f. sp. tritici (Pst), is one of the most important diseases of wheat worldwide. Understanding the survival of Pst during the overwintering period is critical for predicting Pst epidemics in the spring. Real-time quantitative PCR (qPCR) methods quantifying Pst DNA and RNA (cDNA) were developed and compared for the ability to quantify viable Pst in leaf tissues. Both qPCR of DNA and RNA can provide reliable measurement of viable Pst in plant tissues prior to the late sporulation stage for which qPCR of DNA gave a much higher estimate of fungal biomass than qPCR of RNA. The percentage of Pst biomass that was viable in detached and attached leaves under low temperatures decreased over time. Pst survived longer on attached leaves than on detached leaves. The survival of Pst in cultivars with strong winter-hardiness at 0 degrees C and -5 degrees C was greater than those with weak winter-hardiness. However, such differences in Pst survival among cultivars were negligible at -10, -15 and -20 degrees C. Results indicated that Pst mycelia inside green leaves can also be killed by low temperatures rather than through death of green leaves under low temperatures. The relationship of Pst survival in attached leaves with temperature and winter-hardiness was well described by logistic models. Further field evaluation is necessary to assess whether inclusion of other factors such as moisture and snow cover could improve the model performance in predicting Pst overwintering potential, and hence the epidemic in spring."
"AB Open access (OA) to every research result supported by funding bodies is a medium to long-term goal. This work aims to find out whether OA publication is useful for all research fields, regardless of their specific features. As a sample, articles from the WoS databases from two disparate disciplines (one from SSCI and another from SCIE) are selected, and several hypotheses related to the presence of funding acknowledgements, cooperation and citations are tested. A first look at the general distribution of publications shows that collaborative and funded research obtains a higher proportion of cited articles, and that this proportion increases in the case of OA publications. Moreover, the logistic regression reveals that the probability of finding an OA publication is significantly increased in the SCIE discipline, and by the presence of EU funding, international collaboration and citations. This probability rises with some interactions (e.g. presence of international funding and international collaboration, or international funding and citations). Regarding OA types, Green OA publications are the most related to fund recognition, although Gold OA/Bronze OA articles in international collaboration are also significantly related to financing. Concerning impact, the most likely cited OA type is the Hybrid OA. However, if papers include funding acknowledgements, the Bronze OA and Green OA publications increase their citation likelihood. Similarly, when Gold OA articles include international collaboration, there is a greater chance of citation. With these findings, it is possible to venture that OA publishing will be useful for all research fields, although their specific features should be considered. Consequently, funders should be aware of these particularities to stimulate OA without compromising the quality of the research."
"AB Localized spatial patterns commonly occur for various classes of linear and nonlinear diffusive processes. In particular, localized spot patterns, where the solution concentrates at discrete points in the domain, occur in the nonlinear reaction-diffusion (RD) modeling of diverse phenomena such as chemical patterns, biological morphogenesis, and the spatial distribution of urban crime. In a 2D spatial domain we survey some recent and new results for the existence, linear stability, and slow dynamics of localized spot patterns by using the Brusselator RD model as the prototypical example. In the context of linear diffusive systems with localized solution behavior, we will discuss some previous results for the determination of the mean first capture time for a Brownian particle in a 2D domain with localized traps, and the determination of the persistence threshold of a species in a 2D landscape with patchy food resources. Common features in the analysis of all of these spatially localized patterns are emphasized, including the key role of certain matrices involving various Green's functions, and the derivation and study of new classes of interacting particle systems and discrete variational problems arising from various asymptotic reductions. The mathematical tools include matched asymptotic analysis based on strong localized perturbation theory, spectral analysis, the analysis of nonlocal eigenvalue problems, and bifurcation theory. Some specific open problems are highlighted and, more broadly, we will discuss a few new research frontiers for the analysis of localized patterns in multi-dimensional domains."
"AB The rising electronics waste (e-waste), increased pollution, disposal issues and exploitation of natural resources have augmented ecological and resource scarcity problems. These problems can be abate by adopting reverse logistics (RL) implementation so, the environmental protection and resource recovery options such as reuse, refurbish, recycle, remanufacturing and proper disposal can be executed to deal and manage with the e-waste. The goal of this research work is to identifies, evaluate and analyze the factors for successful implementation of RL practices. Fifteen critical RL factors are recognized from pertinent literature and endorsed by industry professionals. This paper utilized Grey based Decision Making Trial and Evaluation Laboratory (DEMATEL) approach to sort the identified factors into cause and effect clusters. Grey DEMATEL resolves the problem of data uncertainty and impreciseness involves in decision making in analyzing the factors. The results of the study found that 11 RL factors came into causal cluster as vital factors and 4 RL factors into the effect cluster as fundamental problems factors. Among causal cluster, the highest ranked four influential factors are Top management commitment (RLF1) with weightage value 0.7604, RLF2 i.e. enforced government regulations with weightage value 0.6549, RLF6 i.e. environmental/green concerns factor with weightage value 0.5678 and RLF8 i.e. Waste minimization (especially e-waste) factor with weightage value 0.5113 are respectively. Similarly, among effect cluster, the most easily influenced two factors are ""Market and competition factors"" (RLF15) with weightage value (- 1.1207) and ""Increased e-commerce"" (RLF13) with weightage value (- 1.2855) respectively. A case example of an Indian electronics firm is taken to showcase the application of the proposed model. This paper can help supply chain managers and analysts in superior understanding of critical factors and increase the chances of practicing more effective and successful RL implementation in electronics industry. At the end, few key country and industry-specific recommendations are offered to support major decision for management and policy makers to embrace and successfully accomplish the reverse supply chain practices in India."
"AB BackgroundThere is a limited data in Indonesia regarding the stroke knowledge and medication adherence among stroke survivors.ObjectiveTo assess the level of stroke knowledge and medication adherence along with their relationship among stroke survivors.SettingTwo tertiary-care hospitals in Surabaya, East Java, Indonesia.MethodsA prospective, cross-sectional study was conducted among 215 stroke survivors. Stroke Knowledge Test and the Morisky Green Levine Adherence Scale questionnaires were used to evaluate stroke knowledge and medication adherence, respectively. Binary logistic regression was performed to assess the rela tionship between stroke knowledge and medication adherence. Main outcome measuresRelationship between stroke knowledge and medication adherence.ResultsA total of 215 patients with mean age of 56.34 +/- 8.69 years were recruited into this study. Mean Stroke Knowledge Test score was 7.89 +/- 3.38 with 76.7% had low level of stroke knowledge. Mean Morisky Green Levine Adherence Scale was 3.05 +/- 1.11 with 52.1% had low to medium medication adherence. Education and duration of stroke correlated with stroke knowledge level (Spearman's correlation coefficient: 0.307, p = 0.001 and 0.128, p = 0.041, respectively). Age and disability correlated with medication adherence (Spearman's correlation coefficient: 0.169; p = 0.013 and 0.171; p = 0.012), respectively. After adjustment for covariates, stroke knowledge level was independently associated with medication adherence (adjusted OR: 4.37, 95% CI 2.00-9.53; p < 0.001).ConclusionStroke knowledge was low among Indonesian stroke survivors and independently related to medication adherence. Attempts should be made to increase stroke knowledge which may improve medication adherence among stroke survivors."
"AB Optimal foraging theory provides a powerful quantitative framework to reveal how foraging constraints and options define the interplay between forager and resource distributions. Although illegal hunting threatens wildlife worldwide, few studies have assessed the impact of poaching on the ability of animals to optimise their use of resources. We assessed how the risk of poaching hinders the ability of common reedbuck (Redunca arundinum), red hartebeest (Alcelaphus buselaphus), and plains zebra (Equus quagga) to maximise their daily intake of digestible energy in a complex mosaic of post-fire vegetation, in a small fenced nature reserve. Optimality models predict that all species can maximise their intake of digestible energy by feeding in young post-fire patches (29-37 days). We show that for all species, probability of finding and selectively using such high-value vegetation patches was higher at greater distance from points where poachers were likely to enter the reserve. For reedbuck, optimal patches were used only if they were > 3.4 km from poacher entry-points. Red hartebeest became more likely to occur in optimal vegetation patches as the distance to likely poacher entry points increased. Only zebra maximized their daily intake of digestible energy regardless of the distance to poachers, but still selected areas where poaching was less likely. This study demonstrates how spatial patterns in poacher activities and post-fire vegetation interact to shape herbivore distribution. Understanding how herbivores track and use this post fire green-up of vegetation is important for protected area managers to understand the trade-offs that herbivores make when foraging."
"AB Background Beverage-drinking behavior could be a potential risk factor for gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD) in young populations. However, GERD prevalence in this population has not been investigated, and beverage consumption's association with GERD remains inconclusive. This study aimed to evaluate the prevalence and beverage-related risk factors of GERD among Chinese college freshmen and in youth around the world. Methods A cross-sectional survey was conducted in Chinese college freshmen in September 2019 using random cluster sampling method. Participants completed questionnaires on demographic information, food intake frequency, and GER symptoms. Multivariate logistic regression models were applied to assess the association between beverages and GERD. Studies were retrieved from multiple databases for systemic review. The prevalence of GERD in young populations and beverage-related risk factors were pooled using random-effect models. Key Results Based on the 3345 individuals who completed the questionnaires, GERD prevalence in Chinese college freshmen is 5.1%. Multivariate analysis showed students who drink green tea daily, and those who drink coffee regularly were more likely to develop GERD compared with those who never drink tea or coffee. The pooled prevalence of GERD in young populations is 18.0%, and frequent alcohol consumption is positively associated with GERD in general population. Conclusions and Inferences The prevalence of GERD in Chinese college freshmen is significantly lower than that in worldwide youth populations. Alcohol, green tea, and coffee consumption could be potential risk factors for GERD. Future large-scale epidemiological studies are warranted for reliable identification of beverage-related risk factors for GERD in young populations."
"AB Purpose This paper aims to present a novel bi-objective mathematical model for a production-inventory system under uncertainty. Design/methodology/approach This paper addresses agile and lean manufacturing concepts alongside with green production methods to design an integrated capacitated lot sizing problem (CLSP). From a methodological perspective, the problem is solved in three phases. In the first step, an FM/M/C queuing system is used to minimize the number of customers waited to receive their orders. In the second step, an effective approach is applied to deal with the fuzzy bi-objective model and finally, a hybrid metaheuristic algorithm is used to solve the problem. Findings Some numerical test problems and sensitivity analyzes are conducted to measure the efficiency of the proposed model and the solution method. The results validate the model and the performance of the solution method compared to Gams results in small size test problems and prove the superiority of the hybrid algorithm in comparison with the other well-known metaheuristic algorithms in large size test problems. Originality/value This paper presents a novel bi-objective mathematical model for a CLSP under uncertainty. The proposed model is conducted on a practical case and several sensitivity analysis are conducted to assess the behavior of the model. Using a queue system, this problem aims to reduce the items waited in the queue to receive service. Two objective functions are considered to maximize the profit and minimize the negative environmental effects. In this regard, the second objective function aims to reduce the amount of emitted carbon."
"AB Empirical studies to disentangle the effects of multicomponent implementation interventions are needed to inform the development of future interventions. This study aims to examine which behavior change techniques (BCTs) primarily targeting canteen manager are associated with school's healthy canteen policy implementation. This is a secondary data analysis from three randomized controlled trials assessing the impact of a ""high,"" ""medium,"" and ""low"" intensity intervention primarily targeting canteen managers on school's implementation of a healthy canteen policy. The policy required primary schools to remove all ""red"" (less healthy items) or ""banned"" (sugar sweetened beverages) items from regular sate and ensure that ""green"" (healthier items) dominated the menu (>50%). The delivery of BCTs were retrospectively coded. We undertook an elastic net regularized logistic regression with all BCTs in a single model Five k-fold cross-validation elastic net models were conducted. The percentage of times each strategy remained across 1,000 replications was calculated. For no ""red"" or ""banned"" items (n = 162), the strongest BCTs were: problem solving, goal setting (behavior), and review behavior goals. These BCTs were identified in 100% of replications as a strong predictor in the cross-validation elastic net models. For the outcome relating to >50% ""green"" items, the BCTs problem solving, instruction on how to perform behavior and demonstration of behavior were the strongest predictors. Two strategies were identified in 100% of replications as a strong (i.e., problem solving) or weak predictor (i.e., feedback on behavior). This study identified unique BCTs associated with the implementation of a healthy canteen policy."
"AB Rapid urban sprawl and growth led to substantial urban thermal environment changes and influenced the local climate, environment, and quality of life of residents. Taking the Chang-Zhu-Tan urban agglomeration in China as a case, this study firstly identified the spatiotemporal patterns of surface urban heat island intensity (SUHII) and the land use/cover changes (LUCC) based on multi-temporal Landsat TM satellite data over 21 years, and then investigated the relationship between LUCC and SUHII by methods of logistic regression model and centroid shift analysis. The results showed that green spaces (e.g., cropland, forestland) of 899.13 km(2) had been converted to built-up land during the 1994-2015 period, which caused significant urban expansion. The SUHII was the highest for built-up land, high for unused land, low for cropland and grassland, and the lowest for forestland and open water. Many areas experienced extensive rapid urbanization because of the emergence of the urban agglomeration, which resulted in the loss of green spaces and increased SUHI effects over the 21-year study period. In addition, the results of centroid shift analysis found that the growth of SUHII and the expansion of high SUHII areas are closely related to the expansion of an existing urban area in Xiangtan, while the increases of building density and height in Changsha resulted in the decrease of SUHII and spatiotemporal change of high SUHII areas. The analysis of the effects of land use/cover types on the SUHII in this study will contribute to future urban land use allocation for the mitigation of SUHI formation."
AB BACKGROUND: Aneurysms of the anterior choroidal artery (AChA) have been associated with high treatment-associated morbidity due to ischemic complications.
"AB The aim of this article was to explore the association between access to public spaces and physical activity for adult women, controlling and testing interactions with sociodemographic and public spaces characteristics. We combined sociodemographic data from a survey with the adult (18-65 years of age) women population of Tijuana, Mexico, conducted in 2014 (N = 2,345); with data from a 2013 study on public spaces in the same city. We evaluated access to public spaces by the presence and total area of public spaces in buffers of 400, 800, 1,000 and 1,600m around the participants' homes. We measured physical activity with the short version of the International Physical Activity Questionnaire (IPAQ-short). We employed multinomial logistic models to evaluate the association between access to public spaces and physical activity, and tested for interactions between access to public spaces and public spaces quality and sociodemographic characteristics. We observed no interaction between access to public spaces and public spaces quality in their effect on physical activity. There was an association between the presence of public spaces in the 400m buffer, and higher odds of being in the low physical activity level (as opposed to being in the moderate level) (coefficient: 0.50; 95% CI: 0.13; 0.87). Participants who used public transport were less likely to be in the low physical activity level (coefficient: -0.57; 95% CI: -0.97; -0.17). We suggest that, in this population, the access to public spaces might be less relevant for physical activity than other elements of the urban environment and sociodemographic characteristics."
"AB Purpose The purpose of this paper is to identify the factors that define the management practices of a center of electrical and electronic waste and of reuse of equipment aiming to contribute to the sustainable development. It is known that the effort to achieve the green IT, including recycling and sustainable disposability of equipment does not follow the same pace as industry production."
"AB Background: Proximity to urban green spaces (UGS) and open sports spaces (OSS) benefits health, promotes physical activity (PA) and sports practice (SP). Objective: Analyze the association between PA or SP according to distances between UGS or OSS and teenagers' residences or schools. Methods: We evaluated 1333 (53.9% girls) teenagers (13 years old) living and studying in Porto, Portugal (EPITeen cohort). PA was classified as light or moderate/vigorous. Distances were the shortest routes from residences or schools to UGS/OSS, and classified in <= 250 m; >250 m to <= 500 m; >500 m to <= 750 m; >750 m. Chi-square test and chi-square for trends were used to compare proportions; associations were measured using logistic regression, through odds ratio and 95% confidence intervals, adjusting to BMI and parental education. Results: Regarding vicinity' of schools, the prevalence of moderate/vigorous PA among boys, decreases as distances to OSS increases. For girls, the prevalence of sports decreases as distances to UGS increase. For boys, we found an association between moderate/vigorous PA and proximity to OSS in the vicinity of schools: considering <= 250 m as reference, the odds of moderate/vigorous PA is 0.20 (0.06-0.63) for >250 m to <= 500 m; 0.21 (0.07-0.61) for >500 m to <= 750 m and 0.19 (0.06-0.58) for >750 m. Conclusion: Vicinities of schools seem to influence teenagers to be more physically active and increase sports participation."
"AB Phenological variation in spring leafing between and within species can determine plant responses to warmer winter and spring temperatures in the short term. Methods are needed for monitoring canopy development that can be replicated on a large-scale, while retaining fine-scale resolution at the level of individual trees. Citizen science has the potential to provide this, but a range of approaches exist in terms of the phenophase recorded (e.g. budburst or leaf expansion), how the phenophase is characterised (first events or intensity monitoring) and the portion of tree crown assessed and observation frequency. A comparison of spring budburst and leaf expansion of four tree species (Fraxinus excelsior, Fagus sylvatica, Quercus robur and Acer pseudoplatanus) was monitored in one woodland using (1) counts of expanded leaves on three crown sections, (2) percentage estimates of expanded leaves across the whole crown and (3) a greenness index from photography. Logistic growth models were applied to make comparisons. First-event dates were found to be misleading due to high variation in leaf development rates within and between species. Percentage estimates and counts produced similar estimates of leaf expansion timing and rate. The greenness index produced similar estimates of timing, but not rate, and was compromised by practicalities of photographing individual crowns in closed-canopy woodland. Citizen scientists could collect data across the period of spring leafing, with visual counts and/or estimates made every 3-4 days, subject to tests of reliability in pilot citizen science studies."
"AB This study aimed to investigate the links between coffee (CF)/green tea (GT) consumption and body composition/cardiovascular parameters in middle-aged Japanese women. We conducted a cross-sectional study of 232 Japanese women aged 40-65 years who had been referred to the menopause clinic of Tokyo Medical and Dental University Hospital between November 2007 and August 2017. Body composition, cardiovascular parameters, and CF/GT consumption frequency were evaluated on their initial visits, using a body composition analyzer, vascular screening system, and brief-type self-administered diet history questionnaire, respectively. We investigated the associations between variables using multivariate logistic regression. After adjustment for age, menopausal status, and other factors, daily CF consumption was inversely associated with high body mass index (BMI) (adjusted odds ratio, 0.14; 95% confidence interval, 0.14-0.96) and body fat percentage (BF%) (0.33; 0.14-0.82), and daily GT consumption with high BF% (0.36; 0.14-0.96). Daily CF + GT consumption was also inversely associated with high BMI (0.15; 0.05-0.50) and BF% (0.30; 0.12-0.74). In pre- and perimenopausal women, daily CF + GT consumption was inversely associated with high cardio-ankle vascular index (CAVI) (0.05; 0.003-0.743). In conclusion, daily CF/GT consumption was inversely associated with high BMI, BF%, and CAVI in middle-aged Japanese women."
"AB Background and Objectives: The association between tea consumption and type 2 diabetes risk remains inconsistent in Asian populations. This case-control study investigated the association between habitual tea consumption and the risk of type 2 diabetes among Vietnamese adults. Methods and Study Design: A hospital-based case-control study was conducted during 2013-2015 in Vietnam. A total of 599 newly diagnosed diabetic cases (aged 40-65 years) and 599 hospital-based controls, frequency matched by age and sex, were recruited. Information about frequency, quantity, and duration of tea drinking, together with demographics, habitual diet and lifestyle characteristics, was obtained from direct interviews using a validated and reliable questionnaire. Unconditional logistic regression analyses were performed to assess the association between different metrics of tea consumption and the type 2 diabetes risk. Results: Control subjects reported higher tea consumption levels than the cases in terms of duration, frequency, and quantity of tea drunk. After accounting for confounding factors, increasing tea consumption was found to be associated with a reduced risk of type 2 diabetes; the adjusted odds ratio (95% confidence interval) was 0.66 (0.49, 0.89) for participants drinking >2 cups/day, relative to those drinking <1 cup/day. Significant inverse dose-response relationships were also observed for average number of cups consumed daily and years of tea drinking (p<0.01). Conclusions: Habitual tea consumption is associated with a reduced risk of type 2 diabetes among Vietnamese adults."
"AB The tremendous growth in technology is also causing global warming due to harmful greenhouse gas emissions. The Information and Communication Technology (ICT) sector is one of the fastest growing, having the greatest impact on almost every other technology. Energy efficiency and reduction in global warming is now a desire and realization by all key players associated with this technology. Not only there is scope for energy efficiency in ICTs itself but it can also help other sectors in becoming smart i.e., energy efficient. Smart buildings, smart motors, smart logistics and smart grids are being realized with the incorporation of information and communication technologies. The ICT industry is equally aware of the potential benefits of renewable energy sources (RES) in making the future systems greener and sustainable. This is quite evident from the research that is going on towards sustainable ICT solutions, as reviewed in this paper. Not only renewable energy is applicable to large scale applications like telecom base stations (BS), it is also applicable to small and medium scale systems and devices like computer peripherals and electric vehicles. In order to explore the evident potential of RES, all aspects of renewable energy are being addressed by the researchers. These aspects can broadly be categorized as generation, distribution, management and most significantly application of renewable energy. This paper takes a broader look at both aspects in which ICTs are making our world eco-sustainable i.e., making other technologies smarter and incorporating renewable energy sources wherever possible."
"AB Introduction: The 2013 Campus Sexual Violence Elimination Act requires U.S. colleges to provide bystander-based training to reduce sexual violence, but little is known about the efficacy of such programs for preventing violent behavior. This study provides the first multiyear evaluation of a bystander intervention's campus-level impact on reducing interpersonal violence victimization and perpetration behavior on college campuses."
"AB Background: Epidemiological studies suggest that higher tea consumption was associated with lower risk of depressive symptoms, but this has not been found consistently. Moreover, the effect of different types of tea on depressive symptoms needs to be further explored. This study aimed to examine the association between tea consumption and depressive symptoms in Chinese elderly."
"AB Purpose: The incorporation of environmental objective into the conventional supplier selection practices is crucial for corporations seeking to promote green supply chain management (GSCM). Challenges and risks associated with green supplier selection have been broadly recognized by procurement and supplier management professionals. This paper aims to solve a Tetra ""S"" (SSSS) problem based on a fuzzy multi-objective optimization with genetic algorithm in a holistic supply chain environment. In this empirical study, a mathematical model with fuzzy coefficients is considered for sustainable strategic supplier selection (SSSS) problem and a corresponding model is developed to tackle this problem."
"AB Background/Aim: The exposome includes urban greenspace, which may affect health via a complex set of pathways, including reducing exposure to particulate matter (PM) and noise. We assessed these pathways using indoor exposure monitoring data from the HEALS study in four European urban areas (Edinburgh, UK; Utrecht, Netherlands; Athens and Thessaloniki, Greece)."
"AB The coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic is widely understood to have contributed to mental health problems. In Australia, young people (18-24 years) have been disproportionately affected. To date, research has predominantly focused on the presence or absence of mental illness symptoms, while aspects of mental well-being have been overlooked. We aimed to explore associations between potential risk and protective factors and mental health more comprehensively, using the Complete State Model of Mental Health. An online survey of 1004 young Australians (55% female; M age = 21.23) was undertaken. Assessment of both mental illness and mental well-being enabled participants to be cross-classified into four mental health states. Those with 'Floundering' (13%) or 'Struggling' (47.5%) mental health reported symptoms of mental illness; a 'Languishing' group (25.5%) did not report symptoms of mental illness but mental well-being was compromised relative to those who were 'Flourishing' (14%) with high mental well-being. Multinomial logistic regressions were used to examine associations, adjusting for socio-demographic confounders. Protective factors associated with Flourishing mental health included being in secure employment, using screen time to connect with others, and reporting high levels of hope. Both incidental and purposive contact with nature were also associated with Flourishing, while a lack of green/bluespace within walking distance was associated with Languishing, absence of outdoor residential space was associated with Floundering, and lower neighbourhood greenness was associated with all three suboptimal mental health states. Precarious employment, financial stress, living alone, reporting decreased screen time during lockdowns, lower levels of hope, and high disruption of core beliefs were also associated with Struggling and Floundering mental health. Those who were Languishing reported somewhat less hardship and little disruption to core beliefs, but lower levels of hope compared to young people who were Flourishing. This study highlights that young adults require dedicated mental health services to deal with current burden, but should also be supported through a range of preventive strategies which target mental health risk factors, like precarious employment, and enhance protective factors, such as urban green infrastructure."
"AB Satellite vegetation index (VI) time series data provide a feasible option for monitoring crop phenology at a large scale. However, there are limited researches that investigated the accuracy of different methods for crop phenology detection with various VIs over a large-scale region. In this study, we used four VIs, i.e. Normalized Difference Vegetation Index (NDVI), Enhanced Vegetation Index (EVI), Two-band Enhanced Vegetation Index (EVI2), and Normalized Difference Phenology Index (NDPI) derived from the Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer (MODIS) data, combined with six methods, i.e. relative threshold at 10%, 20% or 50% of the VI's amplitude (RT10, RT20 and RT50), maxima of the curvature change rate of the fitted logistic curve (CCRmax), maxima of the first derivation of the VI curve (beta(max)), and cross-correlogram spectral matching-phenology (CCSM-P), to detect winter wheat green-up dates (GUDs) for the period of 2009-2013 in the Huanghuai winter wheat region of China. The performance of the combinations of these methods and VIs was evaluated using ground-observed GUDs from agrometeorological stations with correlation coefficient (r), regression coefficient (a), root mean square error (RMSE) and bias. We further investigated the spatial trend of residuals from a linear model between satellite- and ground-observed GUDs. Results show that NDPI outperforms the other VIs with the highest consistency with ground data in the whole region. RT10, CCRmax and CCSM-P show higher accuracy in the northern region, while in the southern region, RT20 shows relatively higher accuracy in the case of poor performance of all six methods. However, the residuals of these six methods based on NDPI show significantly positive correlations with latitude in the whole region, suggesting an uneven spatial distribution of accuracy with a tendency of underestimating GUDs at the low latitude region and overestimating GUDs at the high latitude region when applying the same method to detect GUDs over a large-scale region. It is suggested to develop a new method or combine several methods to reduce the spatial incoherence of residuals."
"AB While cities are invasion hotspots, the view of urban residents on non-native species is critically un-derstudied-an important knowledge gap since strategies on biological invasions could gain power by integrating human values, attitudes and perceptions. How citizens perceive the non-native tree Ailanthus altissima (tree of heaven) is unknown despite its abundance in many cities globally and its classification as invasive in many countries. In a quantitative survey with closed questions, we analysed (i) whether resi-dents of Berlin, Germany knew the widespread species, (ii) how they perceived it in different urban situ-ations, (iii) how they accepted different management strategies of it, and (iv) how the sociodemographic background of respondents predicted their preference and acceptability ratings."
"AB Background: In recent years, novel technologies have been implemented in order to improve the surgical outcomes of robot-assisted partial nephrectomy (RAPN). Intraoperative administration of indocyanine green (ICG) has been proposed to assess kidney perfusion intraoperatively."
"AB Plant phenology (e.g. timing of spring green-up, flowering) is among the most sensitive indicator of ecological response to ongoing climate variability and change. While previous studies have documented changes in the timing of spring green-up and flowering across different parts of the world, empirical evidence regarding how such ongoing ecological changes impact allergic disease burden at population level is lacking. Because earlier spring green-up may increase season length for tree pollen, we hypothesized that early onset of spring (negative anomaly in start of season (SOS)) will be associated with increased hay fever burden. To test this, we first calculated a median cardinal date for SOS for each county within the contiguous US for the years 2001-2013 using phenology data from the National Aeronautics and Space Administration's Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer (MODIS). We categorized yearly deviations in SOS for each county from their respective long-term averages as: very early (>3 wks early), early (1-3 wks early), average (within 1 wk), late (1-3 wks late) and very late (> 3 wks late). We linked these data to 2002-2013 National Health Interview Survey data, and investigated the association between changes in SOS and hay fever prevalence using logistic regression. We observed that adults living in counties with a very early onset of SOS had a 14% higher odds of hay fever compared to the reference group, i.e. those living in counties where onset of spring was within the normal range (Odds Ratios (OR): 1.14. 95% Confidence Interval (CI): 1.03-1.27). Likewise, adults living in counties with very late onset of SOS had a 18% higher odds hay fever compared to the reference group (OR: 1.18, CI: 1.05-1.32). Our data provides the first-ever national scale assessment of the impact of changing plant phenology-linked to ongoing climate variability and change-on hay fever prevalence. Our findings are likely tied to changes in pollen dynamics, i.e early onset of spring increases the duration of exposure to tree pollen, while very late onset of spring increases the propensity of exposure because of simultaneous blooming."
"AB Background Increased urbanisation and the associated reduced contact of individuals with natural environments have led to a rise in mental disorders, including depression. Residential greenness, a fundamental component of urban design, has been shown to reduce the public health burden of mental disorders. The present study investigates the association between residential green exposure and prevalence of major depressive disorders using a large and diverse cross-sectional dataset from the UK Biobank."
AB OBJECTIVE Hyperperfusion syndrome (HPS) is a notable complication that causes various neurological symptoms after superficial temporal artery (STA)-middle cerebral artery (MCA) bypass surgery for moyamoya disease (MMD). The authors used intraoperative indocyanine green (ICG) videoangiography to measure the change in microvascular transit time (MVTT) after bypass surgery. An analysis was then conducted to identify the correlation between change in MVTT and presence of postoperative HPS.
"AB Individual motorized transport is a major source of emissions and needs to be reduced to meet international agreements. Although alternatives to internal combustion engine vehicles are already on the market, without extensive political support, electric vehicle (EV) adoption remains low. Understanding the drivers of adoption of alternative technologies is key to develop effective measures to accelerate their diffusion. This paper presents individual consumer characteristics and home-location based spatial characteristics of current battery electric vehicle (BEV) and internal combustion engine vehicle holders, in a region free from strong EV policies. Using a generalized linear mixed-effects logistic model on this revealed preference data, we find that BEV adoption is predicted by technology affinity, high income, green party preferences, and living in one's own house. Altogether, the study offers insights on the characteristics of early adopters of BEVs that can be valuable to policymakers, energy grid and charging infrastructure operators, as well as the automotive industry."
"AB This paper adds to the debate on sustainable food consumption by probing the relation between individuals' personality and choice of organic foods. We make use of the Big Five personality model which consists of the personality traits: Extraversion, Agreeableness, Conscientiousness, Emotional stability, and Openness to experience. The Graded Response Model, logistic regression models, and interval regression models are applied to explore the impact of personality on choice of organic food. Five hypotheses regarding the connection between personality and consumption of organic foods were tested using eight different models. The results indicate that Openness to experience is positively related, while Extraversion is negatively related, to the attitudes of organic foods. Some of the tests showed positive relations between Agreeableness and attitudes towards organic foods. In addition, individuals high in Conscientiousness have a lower willingness to pay for organic foods compared with conventional foods. The consequence of the connection between Openness to experience and organic food is that stake-holders may take this into account when planning strategies and methods to increase sales. (C) 2019 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Ltd."
AB Purpose
"AB The purpose of this study is to investigate the influence of sustainable supply chain management (SSCM) practices on triple bottom line (TBL) measures from the perspective of organizational theories. This study identified five SSCM practices using a comprehensive literature review and feedback from industry experts. These five practices were prioritized using a fuzzy analytical hierarchy process (FAHP). The results from FAHP analysis were further confirmed by conducting semi-structured interviews in five electronics parts/components manufacturing organizations. This study also prioritized theoretical drivers of SSCM adoption based on the consideration of three organizational theory perspectives - Institutional Theory; Resource-Based View, and; Social Network Theory. The results indicate that the economic dimension was the most important measure for implementing SSCM while sustainable design was the most important SSCM practice for achieving the TBL. The study also found that Institutional Theory is the most important theoretical driver for implementing SSCM. The research findings provide insight for management to allocate necessary resources and to develop effective strategic directions for the implementation of SSCM practices."
"AB Studies were conducted to assess the biodegradability and toxicity of the cationic surfactant dodecyl trimethyl ammonium chloride (DTMAC) in sea water samples collected from the Gulf of Cadiz (Spain). Ultimate biodegradation was studied following the guideline proposed by the United States Environmental Protection Agency (USEPA). Growth inhibition tests on five marine microalgae species and mortality tests on a marine crustacean (Artemia franciscana) were carried out. Biodegradation process was modelled according to a logistic kinetic model. Lag time and half-life were 15.17 and 26.95 days, respectively. Depending on the microalgae, 96-h EC50 values ranged from 0.69 to 6.34 mg L-1 DTMAC, respectively. 48-h and 72-h LC50 to A. franciscana were 46.74 and 34.19 mg L-1 DTMAC, respectively. The results indicate that DTMAC can be mineralised in sea water. Marine crustacean was more resistant than the microalgae. Surfactant tolerance on microalgae followed this order: T. chuii > N. gaditana > C. gracilis approximate to I. galbana approximate to D. salina, being the Green microalgae T. chuii the most tolerant."
"AB Routing electric commercial vehicles requires taking into account their limited driving range, which is affected by several uncertain factors such as traffic conditions. This paper presents the time-dependent Electric Vehicle Routing Problem with Chance-Constraints (EVRP-CC) and partial recharging. The routing method is divided into two stages, where the first finds the best paths and the second optimizes the routes. A probabilistic Bayesian machine learning approach is proposed for predicting the expected energy consumption and variance for the road links, paths and routes. Hence it is possible to consider the uncertainty in energy demand by planning charging within a confidence interval. The energy estimation is validated with data from electric buses driving a public transport route in Gothenburg-Sweden as well as with realistic simulations for 24 hours traffic in the city of Luxembourg connected to a high fidelity vehicle model. Routing solutions are compared with a deterministic formulation of the problem similar to the ones found in the literature. The results indicate high accuracy for the energy prediction as well as energy savings and more reliability for the routes. (C) 2021 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB The identification of potential adopters has a vital role in developing renewable energies. Photovoltaic systems, as a clean power generation technology, provide a great potential advantageous for the environment and especially for families. This study aims to evaluate those factors which affect adoption of photovoltaic systems by taking into consideration Tehran's unique circumstances, air pollution and high-density of population, low price of energy and governmental financial supports. Moreover, families who are more likely to adopt these systems are identified. For this purpose, we employed a binary logistic regression model to analyze the adoption probability. The empirical results suggest that low and moderate-income level homeowners who live in low-rise multi-unit residential buildings have more tendency towards photovoltaic systems. In general income shows a negative impact on adoption. Environmental concerns, knowledge of renewable energies, innovativeness and number of households, either of these factors positively increases the probability of adoption individually. Results of this study help policy-makers and renewable energy marketers to make energy-related decisions."
"AB Multichannel retailing has caused significant disruption in the market. The major credit for this disruption belongs to online retailing, which is proliferating at a high pace. With the immense growth, the online fashion retail sector faces many challenges as well. The majority of these challenges are attributed to the inefficiency of suppliers to deliver the right products at the right time. Thus, supplier selection becomes an important parameter for the success of the online fashion retail industry. This study focused on supplier selection based on seven main criteria, which are Operational Competency, Product Attribute, Logistic Warehousing, Ethics, Status, Business Competencies, and Versatility. An integrated Best Worst Method (BWM) - VlseKriterijumska Optimizacija I Kompromisno Resenje (VIKOR) methodology was applied to prioritise the criteria and select the most feasible suppliers among available suppliers. Out of thirty-eight sub-criteria, those that got most preferences are Just in Time (JIT) Capabilities, Order Flexibility, Return Policies, Technical Soundness, Billing Flexibility. The results of the study disseminated theoretical and managerial implications that can be applied in online fashion retail."
"AB Many metropolitan areas around the world aim to control urban growth with a view to achieving efficiency and containing urban problems. Among many urban growth policy tools, the green belt (GB) policy is known as the most rigid and strongest. However, there has been no study on the consequences when GB restrictions are completely removed. The primary purpose of this study is to analyse the spatial effects of greenbelt removal on land development in Korea's medium-sized cities between 2000 and 2017. To do so, we used the Landsat thematic mapper (TM) 5 satellite image (2000) and Landsat OLI TIRS 8 satellite image (2017) along with various attribute data to model the spatial effects of greenbelt removal in the cases of three medium-sized cities in Korea. The result of difference-in-difference (DID) analysis confirms that the effects of GB removal on land development vary depending on the local conditions of land development."
"AB Recognising that implementing an agricultural enterprise impacts the state of the environment, its ecological stability, and the self- regulatory capabilities of ecosystems, the aim of this paper is to acquaint the professional and lay public about the attitudes of Slovakian agricultural enterprises towards environmental protection and sustainable development. The paper draws attention to present methods, techniques, and tools that enterprise management are applying for the purpose of meeting and overcoming environmental challenges. The data for this research were obtained from controlled interviews and a questionnaire survey conducted across more than 90 agricultural enterprises. Based on the data outcomes, research premises and formulated research hypotheses put forward are verified by using Friedman, Wilcoxon, Kruskal-Wallis, and Pearson chi-square tests. Discussion of the findings points out that although Slovakia is not yet one of the most polluting countries, promoting the application of environmental protection approaches for sustainable development is of the essence. The most important agriculturally related step, mitigating environmental degradation, is to promote changes in the moral values of agricultural enterprises and the society through enhanced environmental awareness and application practices."
"AB Monitoring of large agricultural lands is often hampered by data collection logistics at field level. To solve such a problem, remote sensing techniques have been used to estimate vegetation indices, which can subsidize crop management decision-making. Therefore, this study aimed to select vegetation indices to detect variability in irrigated corn crops. Data were collected in Sao Desiderio, Bahia State (Brazil), using an OLI sensor (Operational Land Imager) embedded to a Landsat-8 satellite platform. Five corn growing plots under central pivot irrigation were assessed. The following vegetation indices were tested: NDVI (Normalized Difference Vegetation Index), EVI (Enhanced Vegetation Index), SAVI (Soil Adjusted Vegetation Index), GNDVI (Green Normalized Difference Vegetation Index), SR (Simple Ratio), NDWI (Normalized Difference Water Index), and MSI (Moisture Stress Index). Among the tested indices, SR was more sensitive to high corn biomass, while GNDVI, NDVI, EVI, and SAVI were more sensitive to low values. Overall, all indices were found to be concordant with each other, with high correlations among them. Despite this, the use of a set of these indices is advisable since some respond better to certain peculiarities than others."
"AB This paper sheds light on adolescents' knowledge, perceptions and attitudes towards Renewable Energy Sources (RES), in order to detect their particular educational needs. Considering adolescents as key players in energy policy implementation, we focused on devising effective and efficient strategies in educational policy at secondary formal education. Drawing on the responses of 234 students at two high schools in a typical Greek provincial town and employing multinomial logistic regression analysis, we detected their demands through four coloured lenses, pink, white, green and blue. The analysis points out that the curriculum should be developed on the basis of four main strategic directions: equity, flexibility, enhancement of the participatory approach and creativity, so as to meet students' indifference, neutrality and confusion about energy issues and RES technologies but also help them explore new potential career paths and grow into active citizens. In light of the limitations in RES education, our results could be generalised and contribute to effective policy making. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB PURPOSE: African-American (AA) women living in four Black Belt Counties (BBC) of Alabama; consisting of Barbour, Macon, Green and Wilcox are known to have lower mammogram utilization and breast self-exam rates when compared to their white female counterparts. The influence of socioeconomic and demographic factors on these disparities has not been clearly defined so far. Our study was designed to determine whether these observed disparities can be predicted with the socioeconomic and other demographic attributes. METHODS: Health Disparity Questionnaires data (n = 516) for BBC of Alabama was analyzed using a logistic regression model to examine the association of breast cancer screening rates and breast self-exam with income, the level of education, family doctor, type of health insurance, obesity, and age. RESULTS: Income, education, family doctor, age and health insurance were independent predictors for the low utilization rate of mammography and breast self-exam (BSE). CONCLUSION: Improving socioeconomic conditions such as level of education and availability of health care are essential to increase the rates of breast cancer screening test and breast self-exam in the BBC of Alabama."
"AB Chemical industries play a significant role in the global debate on reasons behind climate change and adverse social effect. It is necessary to understand as well as find ways to improve the sustainability aspects of the supply chain in the chemical industry. This study presents a systematic review through content analysis using ""Five W"" namely Why, When, Where, Who, and What; and ""Two H"" namely How and How much framework, to understand the evolution of sustainable supply chain in the chemical industry over past two decades. Using 145 selected articles, this study attempts to understand the research trend over journal outlets, preferred methodologies, mathematical tools, theoretical perspectives, and issues studied over various stages of growth across various economies. Finally, the SWOT framework has been used to understand the strength-weakness of Sustainable Supply Chain research in the chemical industry and map it to the opportunities-threat across multiple sub-industries. This framework is further used to develop the future scope of research by identifying theories, techniques/tool to overcome challenges across multiple issues in the Chemical industry's achievement of sustainability goal."
"AB This study examined the Word Choice Test's (WCT) utility as a performance validity test in a mixed clinical sample of veterans referred for neuropsychological evaluation. Participants completed Green's Word Memory Test (WMT), WCT, and Test of Memory Malingering (TOMM) Trial 1. Using the WMT as the criterion for valid performance, logistic regressions examined the WCT and TOMM's classification accuracy for those with and without cognitive impairment (CI). Receiver operating characteristic curves were used to establish cut scores which maximized the sensitivity/specificity of each measure. In those without CI, both tests showed good classification accuracy (86.7% and 85.0%, respectively). Among those with CI, the TOMM retained good classification accuracy (82.3%), while the WCT's decreased considerably (69.4%). Optimal WCT cut scores differed based on impairment status, with a higher sensitivity/specificity trade-off among those with CI. Successful performance on the WCT appeared to rely more heavily on cognitive processes unrelated to performance validity."
"AB As a result of the 1997 Kyoto Protocol, numerous countries have become highly interested in sustainability. Manufacturers have been triggered to develop sustainable supply chain strategies in consideration of their value-added processes and stakeholders. This study was conducted, in the context of small- and medium-sized enterprises in the Taiwanese manufacturing industry, in order to examine the relationship between sustainability and business performance from the perspective of the supply chain aspects of business cooperation, operation integration, and enterprise commitment. A total of 290 companies were surveyed and structural equation modeling was applied to analyze the figures from the samples. The results reveal that the implementation of sustainable practices in the context of enterprise commitments, supply chain cooperation, and operation integration has a positive impact on sustainability and business performance. Furthermore, in high-value manufacturing, supply chain cooperation significantly affects sustainable business performance through internal operation integration. These results may serve as a reference for the realization of supply chain sustainability in small- and medium-sized enterprises."
"AB We considered a humanitarian environment composed of donors and non-governmental organizations (NGOs) that the non-profits may adopt competitive or coopetitive inter-organizational interaction for managing the disasters. We also assumed that the government intervenes in the relief operations by applying one of its two policies; social welfare maximization (SWM) or budget consumption minimization (BCM). Using game theory (GT) approach, we develop 4 scenarios and, as a result, 4 mathematical programming models for examining the effect of the NGOs interactions and the government policies on the performance of donors, NGOs and government. We find that coopetition of NGOs facilitates the achievement of the governments objectives, and it also helps the non-profits to become more successful in providing relief. The government prefers to provide the indirect relief to the nonprofits to manage emergency operations successfully, and the financial aids are given only in the condition of reducing the level of NGOs cooperation. We also conclude that the cooperation of NGOs increases the donors' utility. A numerical example is conducted to test the findings of the models."
"AB Compared with traditional vehicles delivery, unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) delivery can reduce energy consumption and greenhouse gas emissions, which benefits environmental sustainability. Besides, UAVs can overcome traffic restrictions, which are the big obstacle in parcel delivery. In reality, there are two kinds of most popular traffic restrictions, vehicle-type restriction, and half-side traffic. We propose a mixed-integer (0-1 linear) green routing model with these two kinds of traffic restrictions for UAVs to exploit the environmental aspects of the use of UAVs in logistics. A genetic algorithm is proposed to efficiently solve the complex routing problem, and an experimental analysis is made to illustrate and validate our model and the algorithm. We found that, under both these two traffic restrictions, UAV delivery can accomplish deliveries that cannot be carried out or are carried out at much higher costs by vehicles only and can always effectively save costs and cut CO(2)emissions, which is environmentally friendly. Furthermore, UAV delivery saves more cost and cuts more CO(2)emission under the first kind of traffic restriction than that under the second."
"AB Purpose - Evidence suggests that a growing number of consumers across the world are becoming more environmentally responsible in terms of their personal habits and lifestyles. In this paper, the authors aim to use both parametric and non-parametric econometric models to estimate Kuwaiti consumers' willingness to pay (WTP) for environmental protection in Failaka island."
"AB While financial citizen participation plays an increasing role in renewable energy, there is a lack of understanding which socio-psychological factors correlate with a decision to privately invest in renewable energy. Based on a conceptual model and an extensive literature review, a survey among retail investors of renewable energy projects in Germany was conducted and compared to existing population samples using logistic regressions and factor analysis. This research finds that the typical retail investor in renewable energy in Germany is more likely to be male with a higher income, to have a higher education, and to live in a more rural area compared with the overall population. The typical investor exhibits strong proenvironmental beliefs and behaviors as well as a predisposition for active citizenship. Furthermore, getting a form of non-financial or ""psychic return"" from the investment seems to be important for the investment decision. Strategic adaptions for public and private actors to increase retail investment in renewable energy are discussed."
"AB For assessing the performance of urban infrastructures over long time horizons of 30-90 years, urban development models are desirable that explicitly represent the physical layout of the city, while confining model complexity to an appropriate level. Such models have recently appeared in the literature, but parameters were often defined ad-hoc or without documentation. This paper presents approaches to derive important parameters for such models based on commonly available data. We apply logit regression models considering four high-level characteristics of the urban landscape (distance from main station, accessibility to motorway, accessibility to marine and green spaces) to predict location of urban development for different building types, estimate characteristic building footprint and floor space areas for different building types depending on their location in the city, derive building coverage ratios using Voronoi polygons and estimate the number of buildings in new developments using hierarchical clustering. The applicability of all methods is demonstrated in a case study in Odense, Denmark. The derived parameters are case-specific, while the methods can easily be transferred to different case studies."
"AB Fast-changing market conditions of consumer goods, influenced by customer needs, impact forest enterprises. Thus, management of forest enterprises requires customer-oriented marketing. This paper explores the preliminary issues of customer behavior in the roundwood segment of the selected oligopoly state forest enterprise in Central Europe, Slovakia. This research was carried out by the qualitative approach using standardized interview by means of structured questionnaire. According to research requirements, significant roundwood customers were identified by portfolio analysis of the chosen forest enterprise. Regarding the small rate of significant respondents (customers), non-parametric statistical methods like Spearman's correlation coefficient and Wilcoxon test were used for the evaluation of customer behavior, or to identify significant correlation among qualitative signs of customer conduct. This paper gives further instructions for the assessment of the results regarding the wood trade manners on the Slovakian market. Additionally, this research presents a special contribution to the achievement of substantial results based on the small rate of respondents, which supports short-term marketing decision-making in trading with wood assortments on the regional trade level in practice."
"AB The research on production and operations management and its linkage to environmental sustainability has seen growth in recent years. The International Journal of Production Research (IJPR) community of scholars has contributed to the advancement of this field. This paper provides an overview of how the research in IJPR has evolved alongside the social-environmental evolution. An overview of the literature of the past 55years, especially more recent works, is provided. Future predictions of research topics and influences are introduced. Overall, this review found that the call for incorporating environmental sustainability into production research goes back for decades to the early years of IJPR publications. Recent work shows a broader perspective on production research expanding to inter-organisational, supply chain, research. This expanded focus is especially evident in environmental sustainability research. There is still a need and call for expanding the horizon of production and operations management research and environmental sustainability. Travelling the road less travelled is more difficult and complex, but the rewards at the end of this road are a healthy society and environment."
"AB Over the last few years, the fight against climate change has become one of the main topics of international debate. Hence, consumer behaviour has begun to change as they have started to assess the environmental impacts of the products and services they buy. Although various methods exist for measuring environmental (e.g. carbon) impacts, there is no international consensus about the most appropriate one. In addition, calculations can also be affected by limited data availability and uncertainty surrounding the value of key variables. This paper proposes a conceptual framework for measuring and analysing the carbon footprint in supply chains. This research contributes to the knowledge and practice of green supply chain management, at the corporate level, by providing robustness. This aids the decision-making process by identifying strategies in order to reach the efficiency that can be achieved by reducing CO2 emission over the supply network. The framework is validated using real data from a supply chain belonging to the agro-industrial sector. Finally, these results and experience is generalised in order to show the difficulties and challenges in the measuring task."
"AB Routing of vehicles is integral to the problem of distribution of goods. Departing from the conventional objective of minimizing the total distance travelled, this study focuses on choosing routes with the objective of minimizing the fuel consumption. Consider the alternative paths or routes that exist between each pair of nodes in order to account for the factors affecting the consumption of fuel. The problem is NP-hard and requires a suitable solution procedure to obtain good results in a reasonable computational time. Propose a genetic algorithm with group-based representation for the chromosome and three different crossover procedures for this representation. Introduce a dynamic-programming-based decoding method which evaluates the alternative routes between nodes to obtain the sequence of the nodes visited and the corresponding route chosen. The proposed method is tested on different problem instances and the value of the objective function is compared with the upper bound solution obtained from the CPLEX optimization tool. Results of computational experiments show that the proposed method gives optimal values for smaller problems and solutions of very good quality even for large problem instances."
"AB Although the greening of the marine sector started over a decade ago, the emissions produced from ships and port operating equipment have been only recently perceived as issues to be addressed. On this basis, the International Maritime Organisation (IMO) decided to enact stricter sulphur limits on the fuel oil used by ships in Sulphur Oxide (SOx) Emission Control Areas in an effort to reduce the environmental impact of the vessel's bunkers. In this respect, the purpose of the paper is to quantify the cost implications of the IMO revised regulations on the shippers' traditional supply chain network design decisions through the development of a strategic Mixed Integer Linear Programming decision-support model. The applicability of the model is demonstrated on a realistic maritime supply chain operating within the East Asia-EU trade route. The results reveal that the implementation of the sulphur limits at the route's ports may not affect the shippers' network structure under the current fuel prices, as the optimally selected ports have cost effective hinterland transportation connections within the EU market, that make them preferable for the shipper, even though the network's shipping costs increase."
"AB Sustainable manufacturing aims to reduce environmental impacts during manufacturing activities by implementing strategies such as waste minimization, resource efficiency, pollution prevention, energy efficient manufacturing processes, and end of life management. Although sustainable manufacturing is being practiced and widely studied in developed countries, its advocation and implementation is still in its infancy in developing nations. This research aims to provide an insight into drivers to the adoption of sustainable practices in developing nations, specifically in Malaysia. A cross sectional survey was conducted among various manufacturing company in Malaysia and the data collected was analysed using structural equation modelling (SEM). The results show that competitiveness, company culture and public awareness has positive impact on sustainable manufacturing practices. Furthermore, the supply chain management was identified as the most importance practice in the implementation of sustainable manufacturing. The findings and recommendations from this research can facilitate manufacturing companies in Malaysia in their decision making processes on the possible changes in policies and operational process for the implementation of sustainable manufacturing practices in their organization."
"AB In this paper, a dosed-loop supply chain network design problem is developed. In the proposed model, expected returned products is estimated as a function of return price and if the amount of returned products is less than the expected amount, decision makers have some choices such as more advertising, incentives (extra cost) for returning more products. Different quality levels are considered for returned products which impacts on the recyclable and remanufacturable fractions of returned products as well as recovery lead time and cost. The model aims to maximize the total profit while making several decisions regarding pricing, the network design, material flow, quantity of manufacturing/remanufacturing, recycling, and inventory in an integrated manner to avoid any sub-optimality. A hybrid genetic algorithm and simulated annealing is proposed to solve the model Numerical examples and sensitivity analysis are conducted to evaluate the applicability of the proposed model and lead to appropriate managerial decision about profitability of spending extra cost for returning more used products from customers."
"AB Plastic pollution is a massive global issue and it is increasing. However, there are possible solutions besides the abstinence of plastic-consumption. Particularly, bioplastics could be one part of the solution. So far, there has been little research on the consumption of bioplastic-products and consumer's choice behavior for bioplastics. We conducted the largest study so far, on preferences, choice, attitude, and perception in the context of bioplastics. Our sample of 1673 participants is representative of the German population including citizens 16 years of age and older, who were surveyed through an Online Access Panel. We conducted a logistic regression analysis combining the purchase intention for bioplastic-products as the dependent variable with 12 independent variables derived from the literature review. We found significant and comparably high influences on the purchase intention from the variables attitude towards bioplastics, green consumer values, product experience and interest in information on bioplastics. Politics and economic stakeholders promoting marketing and information activities related to bioplastic products can use the findings of this study. (C) 2019 Institution of Chemical Engineers. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB Inventory and prediction of cork harvest over time and space is important to forest managers who must plan and organize harvest logistics (transport, storage, etc.). Common field inventory methods including the stem density, diameter and height structure are costly and generally point (plot) based. Furthermore, the irregular horizontal structure of cork oak stands makes it difficult, if not impossible, to interpolate between points. We propose a new method to estimate cork production using digital multispectral aerial imagery. We study the spectral response of individual trees in visible and near infrared spectra and then correlate that response with cork production prior to harvest. We use ground measurements of individual trees production to evaluate the model's predictive capacity. We propose 14 candidate variables to predict cork production based on crown size in combination with different NDVI index derivates. We use Akaike Information Criteria to choose the best among them. The best model is composed of combinations of different NDVI derivates that include red, green, and blue channels The proposed model is 15% more accurate than a model that includes only a crown projection without any spectral information."
"AB Headspace solid phase microextraction and chirospecific gas chromatography mass spectrometry in selected ion monitoring mode (HS-SPME-GC-SIM-MS) allowed quantitative determination of delta-lactones (delta-C8, delta-C10) and gamma-lactones (gamma-C6, gamma-C8, gamma-C10). A stable isotope dilution assay (SIDA) with d(7)-gamma-decalactone as internal standard was used for quantitative analysis of pineapple lactones that was performed at three progressing post-harvest stages of fully ripe air-freighted and green-ripe sea-freighted fruits, covering the relevant shelf-life of the fruits. Fresh pineapples harvested at full maturity were characterised by gamma-C6 of high enantiomeric purity remaining stable during the whole post-harvest period. In contrast, the enantiomeric purity of gamma-C6 significantly decreased during post-harvest storage of sea-freighted pineapples. The biogenetical background and the potential of chirospecific analysis of lactones for authentication and quality evaluation of fresh pineapple fruits are discussed. (C) 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB We consider a fleet of electric freight vehicles (EFVs) that must deliver goods to a set of customers over the course of multiple days. In an urban environment, EFVs are typically charged at a central depot and rarely use public charging stations during delivery routes. Therefore, the charging schedule at the depot must be planned ahead of time so as to allow the vehicles to complete their routes at minimal cost. Vehicle fleet operators are subject to commercial electricity rate plans, which should be accounted for in order to provide an accurate estimation of the energy-related costs and restrictions. In addition, high vehicle utilization rates can accelerate battery aging, thereby requiring degradation mitigation considerations. We develop and solve a comprehensive mathematical model that incorporates a large variety of features associated with the use of EFVs. These include a realistic charging process, time-dependent energy costs, battery degradation, grid restrictions, and facility-related demand charges. Extensive numerical experiments are conducted in order to draw managerial insights regarding the impact of such features on the charging schedules of EFVs. (C) 2018 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Integrated production and distribution scheduling are important problems in a manufacturing system, distribution system, and system collaborative optimization. Under the carbon emission policy, managers must aim to reduce carbon emissions in manufacturing and distribution. This research considers an integrated single-machine scheduling and multi-vehicle routing problem, which allows the switching of machine in a period between two adjacent workpieces. Initially, a mathematical programming model is established to minimize the total carbon emissions, and then a tabu search hybrid algorithm is proposed to solve the minimization problem. Moreover, an enterprise case and twenty simulated examples are studied. Computational results verify the advantage of integrated scheduling model and show that a sustainable scheduling method can reduce the total carbon emissions by coordinating production and distribution effectively. Finally, the model is extended to the cases of minimizing total costs and minimizing both total costs and carbon emissions. The model and algorithm can guide the green manufacturing and logistics for industrial enterprises. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Purpose This study aims to examine the impact of Covid-19 on social and eco-environmental sustainability. It will also investigate the effect of advanced technologies in the post-pandemic era. Design/methodology/approach To get the robust findings, GMM (Generalized Method of Moments) modeling is employed on the panel data of 50 countries across the globe. Findings The outcomes indicate that gross fixed capital, logistical operations, knowledge spillover are positive, while Covid-19 is negatively associated with international trade. The results also revealed that Covid-19 spurs poverty and vulnerable employment, while the fertility rate increase creates pressure on economic growth. Also, fossil fuel and energy consumption contribute to carbon emission, while green and advanced technologies may mitigate the environment's adverse effects. Originality/value This study is the first of its kind to provide a solution to the challenges posed by the Covid-19 pandemic in the post-pandemic environment. Furthermore, researchers, managers and legislators can use this article's findings to formulate relevant policies for post-pandemic."
"AB Environmental protection and intelligence have become the inevitable development trend of future transportation. Connected and automated vehicles (CAVs) are expected to be applied in the near future. In this context, how to schedule CAVs to meet customer demands with carbon emissions minimization has become a new green vehicle routing problem (VRP). Due to the fact that carbon emissions are tremendously influenced by vehicle speed, this paper considers vehicle speed as a decision variable in the above low-carbon VRP for CAVs. In addition, the differentiation on speed limits in each time period and each type of road are also taken into account. This study formulates a nonlinear mixed-integer programming model for this problem. The outer-approximate method is used to linearize the proposed model. Moreover, a hybrid particle swarm optimization (HPSO) algorithm is developed to solve this problem. Extensive numerical experiments are conducted to validate the effectiveness of the proposed model and the efficiency of the proposed solution method. Some implications are also drawn out for reducing carbon emissions in logistics activities."
"AB The disassembly process has attracted mounting interest due to growing green concerns. This paper addresses the capacitated dynamic lot-sizing problem with external procurement, defective and backordered items, setup times, and extra capacity. The problem is to determine how many end-of-life products to disassemble during each period. We propose a new mixed-integer programming (MIP) approach to formulate the problem under study in order to maximize the disassembly-process gain, which is obtained as the difference between the revenue achieved by resale of the items recovered after disassembly and the costs tied to operating the disassembly tasks. Several numerical tests using the well-known CPLEX solver proved that this new model can find the optimal disassembly schedule for most test instances within an acceptable computational time. Furthermore, we led sensitivity studies on disassembly capacity, setup time and procurement cost. Test results validate the power of the suggested model and provide helpful insights for industry practitioners."
"AB The increasing use of electric vehicles in road and air transportation, especially in last-mile delivery and city mobility, raises new operational challenges due to the limited capacity of electric batteries. These limitations impose additional driving range constraints when optimizing the distribution and mobility plans. During the last years, several researchers from the Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence, and Operations Research communities have been developing optimization, simulation, and machine learning approaches that aim at generating efficient and sustainable routing plans for hybrid fleets, including both electric and internal combustion engine vehicles. After contextualizing the relevance of electric vehicles in promoting sustainable transportation practices, this paper reviews the existing work in the field of electric vehicle routing problems. In particular, we focus on articles related to the well-known vehicle routing, arc routing, and team orienteering problems. The review is followed by numerical examples that illustrate the gains that can be obtained by employing optimization methods in the aforementioned field. Finally, several research opportunities are highlighted."
"AB The container shipping industry is receiving growing attention in driving the performance of global supply chains. This phenomenon has accelerated supply chain integration (SCI) within the industry. Although SCI could offer numerous benefits, it is often quoted to be implemented easier in theory than in practice. The high failure rate that is associated with SCI is often not addressed in the literature. Grounded on resource-based view (RBV) theory, this paper is aimed at identifying the critical success factors (CSFs) and examining their influence on SCI and supply chain performance (SCP). Survey questionnaires were administered on 164 container shipping firms. The constructs were validated empirically using confirmatory factor analysis and were subsequently analysed using structural equation modelling. The proposed CSFs in this study are found to be positively corelated with SCI, which, in turn, is positively correlated with SCP. This paper has contributed to both theory and practice by applying RBV theory to identify the key resources and capabilities that are necessary for SCI in the container shipping industry."
"AB Millions of trips are made every day by taxis and Uber in New York City. We first employ big data technologies to analyze this vast dataset: Apache Spark is used for data processing and classification, Apache Hive is used for data storage, and MapReduce is used for data profiling. Since taxis and Uber are equipped with GPS sensors, we then visualize a mobile sensor network over New York City separated into fine-sized regions each acting as a mobile sensing node. Each location on the network falls into a region and is classified into one of three categories based on which service dominates the particular region: Yellow taxi, Green taxi, or Uber. We utilize logistic regression to classify a region into one of the three categories. Our classification algorithm is then used to analyze the interaction between taxi and Uber, for example to quantify the expansion of Uber. Experiments run on the Spark cluster show our classifier achieves an accuracy of over 85% scored on the 2014 taxi and Uber dataset. Finally, we propose a trip recommendation system for users using classification results together with a web service application."
"AB Forest ecosystems play an important role in mitigating global climate change, and this role has recently been further reinforced by the Paris Agreement. However, our knowledge with respect to the trade-offs between timber production and carbon sequestration in forest ecosystems is still seriously deficient. Therefore, the overall goal of this study is to quantitatively analyze the effects of a set of economic and ecological constraints on the joint production capacity for forest timber and carbon by alternative forest management strategies for a large forest in northeastern China. The proposed forest planning models integrate four alternative forest management strategies, namely, the timber-oriented management strategy (TMS), the carbon-oriented management strategy (CMS), the multiobjective management strategy (MMS), and the resource-restricted management strategy (RMS). Four different planning scenarios for each strategy were further generated by successively adding one additional constraint, which mainly included the even-flow of timber production, the adjacent constraints of harvest activities, and the minimum targets of carbon sequestration, over a 50-year planning horizon. The results showed that increasing the prices of carbon resulted in positive quadratic polynomial total and carbon net present values (NPVs), positive logistic carbon sequestration and stocks, and negative logistic harvest of timber and its NPV for optimal forest management plans, in which the carbon price of $100 per ton was a significant threshold for balancing the harvest of timber and carbon sequestration. In addition to the CMS, our tested spatial and nonspatial constraints all showed significant effects on optimal forest management plans when a realistic carbon price (i.e., $20 ton(-1)) from the carbon trading market in China during 2014-2017 was employed, in which decreases of approximately 29.34% and 25.08% were observed for total NPV when twenty-percent deviations in harvest volume between any two consecutive periods were employed. Additionally, two periods of green-up constraints could further reduce the total NPV by approximately 17.87% and 15.73% for TMS and MMS, respectively, when compared with their base scenarios. However, increasing the minimum carbon target by one percent reduced the total NPV by approximately $29.44 per hectare per year when evaluated for RMS. Our optimization framework not only can be replicated in other regions with similar characteristics but also contributes to the ongoing debate about the trade-offs between carbon sequestration and wood production benefits."
"AB Background: Gallstone disease (GSD) represents a significant burden for healthcare systems worldwide and is one of the most common disorders among patients presenting to emergency rooms with abdominal discomfort. Aim and Objective: This study was aimed to find correlates (demographic, dietary, and behavioral) of GSD in patients attending teaching hospital in North India. Methodology: A case-control study was conducted from January 2013 to December 2013 among subjects attending outpatient department of general surgery in a teaching hospital. Data collection for both cases and controls was done on a self-designed pretested ""interview schedule"" which assessed the sociodemographic profile, personal history, medical history, comorbidities, physical examination including anthropometry, and dietary intakes. To measure the strength of association, odds ratio (OR) was calculated. Binary logistic regression was used for multivariate analysis. Results: A total of 120 cases and the same number of age- and sex-matched controls were included in final analysis. In binary logistic regression, maximum association was seen with physical inactivity [OR 3.93, confidence interval (CI): 1.98-7.78] followed by current consumption of smokeless tobacco (OR 3.65, CI: 1.65-8.09), current smoking (OR 2.69, CI: 1.13-6.37), nonvegetarian diet (OR 3.10, CI: 1.65-5.83), and fat intake (OR 2.14, CI: 1.14-4.02). Current alcohol consumption (OR 0.90, CI: 0.41-1.98), high waist-hip ratio (OR 1.54, CI: 0.67-3.56), and intake of fruits and green leafy vegetables (OR 1.86, CI: 0.61-5.61) were not significantly associated with GSD. Conclusion: Physical inactivity, smokeless tobacco, nonvegetarian diet, current smoking, high fat intake, and family history were found to be risk factors for the development of GSD."
"AB Purpose The purpose of this study was to explore human factors as the possible facilitator of cyber-dependent (hacking and malware infection) and cyber-enabled (phishing) crimes victimisation and to test the applicability of lifestyle routine activities theory (LRAT) to cybercrime victimisation. Design/methodology/approach A mixed methods research paradigm was applied to address the research questions and aims. The data set of Crime Survey of England and Wales (CSEW) 2014/2015 and 42 semi-structured interviews conducted with victims of cybercrime and non-victim control group participants were analysed via binary logistic regression and content analyses methods. Findings This research illustrated that Internet users facilitated their victimisation through their online activities. Additionally, using insecure Internet connections and public access computers emerged as risk factors for both cyber-enabled and cyber-dependent crime victimisation. Voluntary and involuntary personal information disclosure through social networking sites and online advertisement websites increased the likelihood of being a target of phishing. Deviant online activities such as free streaming or peer-to-peer sharing emerged to increase the risk of cyber-dependent crime victimisation. Research limitations/implications The binary logistic regression analysis results suggested LRAT as a more suitable theoretical framework for cyber-dependent crime victimisation. Future research may test this result with models including more macro variables. Practical implications Policymakers may consider implementing regulations regarding limiting the type of information required to login to free Wi-Fi connections. Checking trust signs and green padlocks may be effective safeguarding measures to lessen the adverse impacts of impulsive buying. Originality/value This study empirically illustrated that, besides individual-level factors, macro-level factors such as electronic devices being utilised to access the Internet and data breaches of large companies also increased the likelihood of becoming the victim of cyber-enabled and cyber-dependent crime."
"AB Land use and cover change (LUCC) is an important issue affecting the global environment, climate change, and sustainable development. Detecting and predicting LUCC, a dynamic process, and its driving factors will help in formulating effective land use and planning policy suitable for local conditions, thus supporting local socioeconomic development and global environmental protection. In this study, taking Gansu Province as a case study example, we explored the LUCC pattern and its driving mechanism from 1980 to 2018, and predicted land use and cover in 2030 using the integrated LCM (Logistic-Cellular Automata-Markov chain) model and data from satellite remote sensing. The results suggest that the LUCC pattern was more reasonable in the second stage (2005 to 2018) compared with that in the first stage (1980 to 2005). This was because a large area of green lands was protected by ecological engineering in the second stage. From 1980 to 2018, in general, natural factors were the main force influencing changes in land use and cover in Gansu, while the effects of socioeconomic factors were not significant because of the slow development of economy. Landscape indices analysis indicated that predicted land use and cover in 2030 under the ecological protection scenario would be more favorable than under the historical trend scenario. Besides, results from the present study suggested that LUCC in arid and semiarid area could be well detected by the LCM model. This study would hopefully provide theoretical instructions for future land use planning and management, as well as a new methodology reference for LUCC analysis in arid and semiarid regions."
"AB Background and Objective: Medication non-adherence is a preventable reason for treatment failure, poor blood pressure control among hypertensive patients and the geriatric population owing to poor physical activity is more vulnerable strata. The objective of this study is to investigate medication adherence and its associated factors among Pakistani geriatric hypertensive patients. Methods: A cross-sectional survey-based study was conducted at the out-patient department of the cardiac center from May 2018 to August 2018. A universal sampling technique was used to approach patients and 262 eligible consented patients were interviewed to collect information about socio-demographics, health, and disease-related characteristics using a structured questionnaire. The Morisky Levine Green test was used for the assessment of medication adherence. The Barthel index and single item literacy screener (SILS) was used to measure performance in activities of daily living and health literacy respectively. Chi-square tests and multivariate binary logistic regression analysis were performed to find factors by using SPSS version 20. Results: Of the total 262 participants, about 38.9% (n = 102) were scored 4 and considered adherent while 61.1% (n = 160) were considered as non-adherent. In logistic regression analysis, self-reported moderate (OR = 3.538, p = 0.009) and good subjective health (OR = 4.249, p = 0.008), adequate health literacy (OR = 3.369, p < 0.001) and independence in performing activities of daily living (OR = 2.968, p = 0.002) were found to be independent predictors of medication adherence among older hypertensive patients. Conclusion: Medication adherence among the older hypertensive population in Pakistan is alarmingly low. This clearly requires patient-centered interventions to overcome barriers and educating them about the importance of adherence."
"AB The rapid development of productivity and economy has led to a substantial change in global land use/land cover (LULC), which has caused a series of environmental problems. Therefore, it is particularly important to quantitatively grasp the spatiotemporal pattern of LULC to formulate and implement land use planning. This study extracted LULC by the combination of supervised classification and manual visual interpretation and quantitatively analyzed the spatiotemporal changes in LULC. Finally, the land use situation was simulated, and the driving forces affecting LULC changes were analyzed with the logistic regression-cellular automata-Markov chain (LR-CA-Markov) and FLUS models. The results showed that the ecological environment underwent more noticeable changes in approximately the year 2000. Relatively speaking, LULC changes were the most dramatic during 1987-1997. With the implementation of the Grain for Green Project (GFGP) in 1999, the ecological environment began to develop towards a positive trend, but built-up land area has also grown rapidly. The economy was the main factor influencing the change in LULC. The simulation results showed that the simulation accuracy and kappa coefficient of the LR-CA-Markov and FLUS models were both greater than 0.85, and the prediction results of the same land-type change trend were basically the same. On this basis, the land use scenario in 2027-2047 was predicted. The results showed that the LULC would change dramatically over the next 30 years (likely due to urban expansion). Therefore, LULC research in arid regions can provide theoretical guidance for protecting the ecological environment, rationally planning land use, and realizing the sustainable development of arid zones, such as the economy, society, and ecological environment."
AB Background: East Africa is affected by a disproportionately high burden of esophageal squamous cell carcinoma (ESCC).
"AB Cereal-based rotations dominate the prime production regions of Finland without any signs of noteworthy shifts towards more diverse systems. To estimate the potential for the future expansion of more diverse crop rotations we used multinomial logistic regression to model the probability that a field parcel would suit for crops other than cereals by acknowledging farmer's preferences in land allocation depending on field parcel characteristics (size, shape, slope, distance to farm center, proximity to waterway, soil type and ownership). This study covered ca. 700,000 field parcels in the prime production region and all the farm types. We identified parcels that were currently used for pure cereal rotations but were also suitable for the cultivation of more diverse crops, especially rapeseed and grain legumes as the most potential ones. There was substantial potential to shift from the current cereal rotations towards more diverse crop sequencing patterns in all farm types, but especially on pig, poultry and cereal farms, where some 18-20% of the cereal monoculture rotations could be shifted towards break crop rotations and 24-41% to diverse rotations. The diversification potential was dependent on the farm size and was higher on large farms with more suitable land for minor crops and with better logistic advantages. Hence, the ongoing increase in farm size and reduction in the number of farms could further support the transition towards more diverse crop sequencing. Diversity in both crop rotation and the agricultural landscape can be achieved simultaneously. Due to the characteristics of field parcels allocated to perennial grasslands and green-fallow rotations they were not suitable for diversifying arable crops. To enhance use of more diverse crop rotations, coherent policies and sufficient incentives are needed to encourage farmers to exploit the existing potential in a timely fashion despite the current socio-economically challenging situation that farmers are facing in Finland."
"AB Imagery data captured by unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) have become important tools to study crop growth and development in experimental agronomic research. Moreover, growth curve analysis and nonlinear mixed- effects models (NLME) are increasingly being used to study nonlinear crop responses in the context of repeated measurements. An NLME to fit the Normalized Difference Vegetation Index (NDVI) based on over-segmented UAV-imagery of a cassava experimental field is presented. To study the parameters' variability and error propagation, a resampling analysis and posterior NLME fit for different sample sizes were performed. High-resolution multispectral images (7 cm resolution) were captured in a cassava experimental field sown under optimal production conditions. NDVI for individual plants was dynamically calculated by performing a supervised classification based on over-segmented remote images using the simple linear iterative clustering algorithm for near infra-red-red-green bands. A three-parameter logistic function was adopted as a growth curve in function of growing degree days (degrees C) and fitted with an NLME approach. Inherent cassava NDVI variability due to pixel discretization, plant architecture and cassava growth was found. On average, NDVI values ranged from 0.35 to 0.40 for first development stages (295, 340 and 372 degrees C days) until 0.77 for maturity (1606 degrees C days). NDVI plant variability was correctly addressed considering the three parameters as random effects showing small root-mean-square error. Resampling analysis proved that a suitable accuracy parameter estimation can be performed with fewer individuals (plants) which might represent an agricultural experimental design with fewer experimental units. While the application of UAV imaging and nonlinear mixed models in determining NDVI curves is a relevant methodological framework, further research towards the optimization of experiment sample size is required."
"AB Although local eradication is routinely attempted following introduction of disease into a new region, failure is commonplace. Epidemiological principles governing the design of successful control are not well-understood. We analyse factors underlying the effectiveness of reactive eradication of localised outbreaks of invading plant disease, using citrus canker in Florida as a case study, although our results are largely generic, and apply to other plant pathogens (as we show via our second case study, citrus greening). We demonstrate how to optimise control via removal of hosts surrounding detected infection (i.e. localised culling) using a spatially-explicit, stochastic epidemiological model. We show how to define optimal culling strategies that take account of stochasticity in disease spread, and how the effectiveness of disease control depends on epidemiological parameters determining pathogen infectivity, symptom emergence and spread, the initial level of infection, and the logistics and implementation of detection and control. We also consider how optimal culling strategies are conditioned on the levels of risk acceptance/aversion of decision makers, and show how to extend the analyses to account for potential larger-scale impacts of a small-scale outbreak. Control of local outbreaks by culling can be very effective, particularly when started quickly, but the optimum strategy and its performance are strongly dependent on epidemiological parameters (particularly those controlling dispersal and the extent of any cryptic infection, i.e. infectious hosts prior to symptoms), the logistics of detection and control, and the level of local and global risk that is deemed to be acceptable. A version of the model we developed to illustrate our methodology and results to an audience of stakeholders, including policy makers, regulators and growers, is available online as an interactive, user-friendly interface at http://www.webidemics.com/. This version of our model allows the complex epidemiological principles that underlie our results to be communicated to a non-specialist audience."
"AB Purpose - Sustainability in supply chain is gaining attention in recent years due to environmental concern, enforced legislation, green issues, social responsibility, etc. Sustainable supply chain (SSC) has revolved around the various dimensions including economy, environment and societal factors since its inception. The purpose of this paper is to identify, prioritize and evaluate the indicators of SSC so that organizations can cultivate strategies to implement them on priority."
"AB Background: Medication adherence is an important predictor of optimal blood pressure control; hence, it significantly reduces the risk of cardiovascular disease (CVD) and associated deaths. However, studies on medication adherence and its associated factors are scarce. Thus, this study aimed to assess adherence to antihypertensive medications and identify associated factors at Debre Tabor General Hospital, northwest Ethiopia."
"AB Cerebral bypass is often needed for complex aneurysms requiring vessel sacrifice, yet intraoperative predictors of ischemic risk in bypass-dependent territories are limited. Indocyanine Green (ICG)-based flow analyses (ICG-BFAs; Flow 800, Carl Zeiss, Oberkochen, Germany) semi-quantitatively assess cortical perfusion, and in this work we determine the efficacy of ICG-BFA for assessing post-operative ischemic risk during cerebral bypass surgery for complex aneurysms. Retrospective clinical and pre/post-bypass intraoperative ICG-BFA data (delay and blood flow index [BFI]) on ten patients undergoing cerebral bypass for complex cerebral aneurysms requiring vessel sacrifice were collected from a single-institution prospective database and analyzed via non-parametric testing and logistic regression. Mean age was 55.9 +/- 14.8 years. Pre/post-bypass delay (median 35.6 [5.1-51.3] vs. 26.0 [17.1-59.9]; p = 0.2) and BFI (median 56.1 [8.1-120.4] vs. 32.2 [3.0-147.4]; p = 0.2) did not significantly differ. Two patients (20%) developed post-operative ischemia in bypass dependent territories. Delay ratio did not differ between patients with and without post-operative ischemia (median 1.15 [0.67-1.64] vs. 0.83 [0.36-3.56]; p = 0.6), nor predict stroke risk (odds ratio = 1.1, p = 0.9). Conversely, BFI ratio was significantly lower for patients experiencing post-operative ischemia than those without ischemia (median 0.11 [0.06-0.17] vs. 0.99 [0.28-1.42]; p = 0.03). A BFI ratio <0.21 predicted the occurrence of post-operative ischemia (odds ratio = 0.02, p = 0.05). These data suggest that intraoperative ICG-BFA may help assess postoperative ischemic risk during cerebral bypass surgery for complex aneurysms requiring vessel sacrifice. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB An ever-increasing demand for products and their consumption has put pressure on industrial output and their supply chains, and that demand has resulted in negative impacts on the environment and society. Increasing rates of pollution and environmental calamities caused by industrial production have urged several researchers and industry experts to work on Sustainable Production and Consumption issues within the context of Sustainable Supply Chain Management (SSCM). This paper comprehensively covers the exponential growth of the topic through an evolutionary lens. This article attempts to understand the evolution of sustainability issues by analysing trends across industries, economies, and through the use of various methodologies. A comprehensive thematic analysis was performed on 1068 filtered articles from 2000 to 2015, highlighting the development and importance of the body of knowledge. The study proposes a conceptual framework to classify various factors along the triple bottom line pillars of sustainability issues in the context of supply chains. An in-depth study is conducted on 190 articles covering all pillars of sustainability (as per the proposed conceptual framework) on SSCM. We observe that studies focusing on all three dimensions of sustainability are comparatively scarce. More focus on industry-specific studies is required because problems addressing industries that are serious polluters, especially those in emerging economies, remains largely unaddressed. It is observed that the studies addressing social issues are scarce, and more focus is required on the measurement of social impacts along the supply chain. Finally, we propose future avenues to extend research on the SSCM domain while keeping in mind the need to address industry specific and economy specific problems from the triple bottom line perspective. (C) 2017 Published by Elsevier Ltd."
"AB Background: With a growing proportion of the European population living in urban areas (UAs), exploring health in urban areas becomes increasingly important. The objective of this study is to assess the magnitude of differences in health and health behaviour between adults living in urban areas (UAs) across Europe. We also explored whether and to what extent such differences can be explained by socio-economic status (SES) and physical or social environment."
"AB Background: Epidemiological evidence on the relationships between intakes of different categories of vegetables and fruits and depressive symptoms is very limited and inconsistent, especially with no evidence from the general population. This study aimed to estimate their relationships among a large general population."
"AB Background Despite the increasing number of laparoscopic liver resection (LLR) procedures, postoperative bile leakage (POBL) remains a major complication. We occasionally experienced intraoperative bile leakage (IOBL) during LLR and managed it within the restrictions of laparoscopic surgery. However, there have been no reports about IOBL in LLR. We therefore investigated the impact of IOBL on postoperative outcomes and its predictive factors. Methods We reviewed 137 patients who underwent LLR from April 2016 to March 2019 at our institute and assigned them to IOBL-positive or IOBL-negative groups. We compared clinicopathological characteristics and perioperative outcomes. Patients were further divided into four groups according to IOBL pattern, and the frequency of POBL in each was calculated. Predictors of IOBL were identified using multivariate logistic regression analysis. Results There were 30 and 107 patients in the IOBL-positive and IOBL-negative groups, respectively. In the IOBL-positive group, operative time and postoperative hospital stays were significantly longer (P < 0.001). The frequency of POBL was significantly higher in the IOBL-positive group (P = 0.006). The IOBL-positive group was divided into two subgroups: IOBL from the transected parenchyma (IOBL-TP,n = 18) and from the main Glissonean pedicle (IOBL-mGP,n = 12). The IOBL-negative group was divided into two subgroups: bile staining in the mGP (BS-mGP,n = 9) and no change (NC,n = 98). POBL occurred in 11% (n = 2/18) of patients with IOBL-TP, 25% (n = 3/12) of those with IOBL-mGP, 11% (n = 1/9) of those with BS-mGP, and 1% (n = 1/98) of those with NC. Age, diabetes mellitus, indocyanine green retention rate, and Glissonean approach were predictors of IOBL (P < 0.05). Conclusions IOBL was relatively common during LLR and resulted in a higher incidence of POBL. Depending on the predictive factors, IOBL must be promptly identified and appropriately managed."
"AB The colour of the edible portion of vegetables and fruit reflects the presence of specific micronutrients and phytochemicals. No existing studies have examined the relationship between the intake of vegetable and fruit colour groups and the risk of colorectal cancer. The present study, therefore, aimed to investigate these associations in a Chinese population. A case-control study was conducted between July 2010 and July 2014 in Guangzhou, China, in which 1057 consecutively recruited cases of colorectal cancer were frequency-matched to 1057 controls by age (5-year interval), sex and residence (rural/urban). A validated FFQ was used to collect dietary information during face-to-face interviews. Vegetables and fruit were classified into four groups according to the colour of their primarily edible parts: green; orange/yellow; red/purple; white. Unconditional logistic regression models were used to estimate the OR and 95% CI. A higher consumption of orange/yellow, red/purple and white vegetables and fruit was inversely associated with the risk of colorectal cancer, with adjusted OR of 0.16 (95% CI 0.12, 0.22) for orange/yellow, 0.23 (95% CI 0.17, 0.31) for red/purple and 0.53 (95% CI 0.40, 0.70) for white vegetables and fruit when the highest and lowest quartiles were compared. Total vegetable intake and total fruit intake have also been found to be inversely associated with colorectal cancer risk. However, the intake of green vegetable and fruit was not associated with colorectal cancer risk. The results of the present study, therefore, suggest that a greater intake of orange/yellow, red/purple and white vegetables and fruit is inversely associated with the risk of colorectal cancer."
"AB This paper focuses on investigating electric bikers' (e-bikers) crossing behavior and violations based on survey data of 3,126 e-bikers collected at signalized intersections in Nantong, China. We first explore e-bikers' characteristics of late crossing, incomplete crossing, and violating crossing behaviors by frequency analysis and duration distribution, and examine a few influential factors for e-bikers' red-light running (RLR) behavior, including site type, crossing length and traffic signal countdown timers (TSCTs). E-bikers' RLR behavior is further divided into three categories, namely GR near-violations, RR violations, and RG violations. Second, we use a binary logistic regression model to identify the relationship between e-bikers' RLR behavior and potential influential factors, including demographic attributes, movement information, and infrastructure conditions. We not only make regression analysis for respective violation type, but also carry out an integrated regression of a census of all three types of violations. Some insightful findings are revealed: (i) the green signal time and site type are the most significant factors to GR near-violations, but with little impact on the other two violation types; (ii) the waiting time, waiting position, passing cars and crossing length exert considerable impact on RR violations; (iii) for RG violations, TSCTs, leading violators and gender are the most significant factors; (iv) it is also unveiled that site type, green signal time and TSCTs have negligible impact on the whole violations regardless of the violation types. Thus, it is more meaningful to investigate the impacts of these variables on e-bikers' RLR behavior according to different violation types; otherwise, the potential relationship between some crucial factors and e-bikers' RLR behavior might be ignored. These findings would help to improve intersection crossing safety for traffic management."
"AB Biomass has been demonstrated as a capable source of energy to fulfill the increasing demand for clean energy sources which could last a long time. Replacing fossil fuels with biomass-based ones can potentially lead to a reduction of carbon emissions, which is the main target of the EU climate strategy. Based on RED II (revised Renewable Energy Directive 2018/2001/EU) and the European Green Deal, biomass is a promising energy source for achieving carbon neutrality in the future. However, the sustainable potential of biomass resources in the forthcoming decades is still a matter of question. This review aims at estimating the availability of biomass for energy reasons in the EU, and to evaluate its potential to meet the coal power plant capacity of the main lignite-producer countries, including Germany, Poland and Greece. Plants in line with the sustainability criteria of RED II have been selected for the preliminary estimations concerning their full conversion to the biomass power concept. Furthermore, the various barriers to biomass utilization are highlighted, such as the stranded asset risk of a future coal phase-out scenario, biomass supply chain challenges, biomass availability in main lignite-producer EU countries, the existing full conversion technologies, and biomass cost. A variety of challenges in the scenario of lignite substitution with biomass in a plant are investigated in a SWOT (strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, and threats) analysis. Technological risks and issues should be tackled in order to achieve the coal phase-out EU goal, mainly with regard to the supply chain of biomass. In this direction, the development of logistics centers for the centralized handling of biomass is strongly recommended."
"AB Retailers are increasingly required to decrease the internal and external environmental impacts of their operations. To achieve this they progressively adopt different corporate environmental sustainability (CES) actions and strategies. Understanding the motivations of retailers for adopting CES strategies (and the types of actions prioritized) is necessary for determining the possible environmental benefits. This literature review examines the key drivers for the adoption of CES strategies in the retail sector, as well as the most common strategies, and measures of progress. Our review suggests that the primary motivations for retailers to implement CES strategies are the expected economic benefits, mainly through cost savings from reducing resource use. Thus strategies targeting the internal operations of retailers such as energy conservation and GHG emission reduction measures dominate the sustainability agenda of retailers. Decreasing and recycling packaging materials and food waste is also prioritized in some settings. Pressure from internal and external stakeholders will increasingly become a dominant driver of CES adoption as the impacts of retail products along their entire value chain become more prevalent among stakeholders. However, there is a lack of literature on stakeholder engagement initiatives for CES strategies in the retail sector, especially regarding customer-focused sustainability strategies. Furthermore, the opportunity to take advantage of green markets and expand consumer bases will be hard to resist for many retailers, especially in highly competitive markets. This combined with the increasing policy traction of the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), and especially SDG 12 on responsible consumption and production, can catalyse the proliferation of CES strategies in the retail sector. Companies will be expected to report on their sustainability progress, which will further motivate them to adopt fruitful strategies or risk reputational damage. (C) 2018 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Background: Environmental exposures are contributing factors to prostate cancer etiology, but these remain unclear. We aimed to document the associations between environmental risk factors and prostate cancer in Chinese, with special reference to bisphenol A (BPA)."
"AB Purpose: Exposure to nature and natural environments may be beneficial for mental health; however, most population-based studies have been conducted among adults whereas few have focused on adolescents. We aimed to investigate the relationship between both greenness (vegetation) and blue space (water), and depressive symptoms among teenagers in the United States."
"AB Background Studies from Western countries reported a positive relationship between residential density (RD) and physical activity (PA) among adults. There was no such study from China, a rapidly-urbanizing country in the world. This study aimed to investigate the RD-PA association among urban adults in China. Methods A multistage sampling approach was used to randomly select participants (aged 35-74 years old) in urban areas of Nanjing in 2017. The outcome variable was PA (dichotomized into ""sufficient"" or ""insufficient""), while the independent variable was RD (tertiled into three sub-groups). Odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence interval (CI) were computed to examine the RD-PA association using mixed-effects logistic regression models with adjustment for age, sex, nationality, marriage, educational attainment, employment status, body weight status, green space and neighborhood-level clustering effects. Results Of the 1568 eligible participants, 1551 were interviewed (response rate = 98.9%), with the mean age (standard deviation) of 54.7 (11.1) years old, and 46% of men. After adjustment for potential confounders and community-level clustering effects, participants lived in communities with higher (OR = 0.31, 95% CI = 0.21, 0.47) and middle (OR = 0.70, 95% CI = 0.50, 0.99) residential density were significantly less likely to achieve sufficient physical activity relative to their counterparts lived in the lower densed communities. Similar negative RD-PA association was examined for men or women, separately. The difference in the ORs between the middle and higher RD tertiles was also statistically significant (P < 0.01). Conclusions A negatively gradient RD-PA association, independent of body weight status and green space, was observed among urban adults in regional China. It has public health implications for China to help residents' promote and maintain physical activity through planning and constructing PA-/health-friendly built environment in future."
"AB A potential solution to reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions in the transport sector is to use alternatively fueled vehicles (AFV). Heavy-duty vehicles (HDV) emit a large share of GHG emissions in the transport sector and are therefore the subject of growing attention from global regulators. Fuel cell and green hydrogen technologies are a promising option to decarbonize HDVs, as their fast refueling and long vehicle ranges are consistent with current logistic operational requirements. Moreover, the application of green hydrogen in transport could enable more effective integration of renewable energies (RE) across different energy sectors. This paper explores the interplay between HDV Hydrogen Refueling Stations (HRS) that produce hydrogen locally and the power system by combining an infrastructure location planning model and an electricity system optimization model that takes grid expansion options into account. Two scenarios - one sizing refueling stations to support the power system and one sizing them independently of it - are assessed regarding their impacts on the total annual electricity system costs, regional RE integration and the levelized cost of hydrogen (LCOH). The impacts are calculated based on locational marginal pricing for 2050. Depending on the integration scenario, we find average LCOH of between 4.83 euro/kg and 5.36 euro/kg, for which nodal electricity prices are the main determining factor as well as a strong difference in LCOH between north and south Germany. Adding HDV-HRS incurs power transmission expansion as well as higher power supply costs as the total power demand increases. From a system perspective, investing in HDV-HRS in symbiosis with the power system rather than independently promises cost savings of around seven billion euros per annum. We therefore conclude that the co-optimization of multiple energy sectors is important for investment planning and has the potential to exploit synergies."
"AB PURPOSEWe investigated the association between gastric cancer and environmental and dietary exposures. In addition, we explored probable mechanistic pathways for the influence of biomass smoke on gastric carcinogenesis.PATIENTS AND METHODSThe study was conducted in Lusaka, Zambia. Questionnaires were used to collect data on risk factors, whereas enzyme-linked immunosorbent assays and high-performance liquid chromatography were used to measure biologic exposures. Study data were analyzed using contingency tables and logistic regression.RESULTSWe enrolled 72 patients with gastric adenocarcinoma and 244 controls. Gastric cancer was positively associated with rural residence (odds ratio [OR], 2.9; 95% CI, 1.5 to 5.3), poverty (OR, 4.2; 95% CI, 1.9 to 9.1), and daily consumption of processed meat (OR, 6.4; 95% CI, 1.3 to 32) and negatively associated with consumption of green vegetables (OR, 0.2; 95% CI, 0.1 to 0.5). Gastric cancer was also associated with biomass smoke exposure (OR, 3.5; 95% CI, 1.9 to 6.2; P < .0001), an association that was stronger for intestinal-type cancers (OR, 3.6; 95% CI, 1.5 to 9.1; P = .003). Exposure to biomass smoke in controls was associated with higher urinary levels of 8-isoprostane (P < .0001), 8-hydroxydeoxyguanosine (P = .029), and 1-hydroxypyrene (P = .041). Gastric cancer was not associated with biochemical measures of current exposure to aflatoxins or ochratoxins.CONCLUSIONIn Zambia, exposure to biomass smoke, daily consumption of processed meat, and poverty are risk factors for gastric cancer, whereas daily consumption of green vegetables is protective against gastric cancer. Exposure to biomass smoke was associated with evidence of oxidative stress and DNA damage, suggesting mechanistic plausibility for the observed association, and the association was restricted to intestinal-type gastric cancer. (c) 2020 by American Society of Clinical Oncology"
"AB Objectives: This study evaluated associations of score-based and nutrient-derived dietary patterns with depressive symptoms in community-dwelling older Japanese. Design: Cross-sectional study. Setting: Community-based. Participants: 982 community-dwelling adults aged 65 years or older.MeasurementsScore-based pattern was assessed by using dietary variety score (DVS), which covers 10 food group items in Japanese meals. Nutrient-derived dietary patterns were identified by using reduced rank regression (RRR), with folate, vitamin C, magnesium, calcium, iron, and zinc intakes as response variables. Depressive symptoms were assessed with the Geriatric Depression Scale. Odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were calculated for these dietary patterns in multivariate logistic regression analyses with potential confounders. The lowest consumption category was used as the reference group. Results: The prevalence of depressive symptoms was 13.5%. Higher DVS was associated with fewer depressive symptoms (OR=0.52, 95% CI=0.27-1.03 for the highest vs the lowest DVS; P for trend=0.031). The first RRR dietary pattern score was characterized by high intakes of fish, soybean products, potatoes, most vegetables, mushrooms, seaweeds, fruits, and green tea and a low intake of rice and was inversely associated with the prevalence of depressive symptoms (OR=0.53, 95% CI=0.30-0.92; P for trend=0.030). Conclusion: Greater dietary variety and a dietary pattern characterized by high intakes of fish, soybean products, potatoes, most vegetables, mushrooms, seaweeds, fruit, and green tea and a low intake of rice were consistently associated with lower prevalence of depressive symptoms in community-dwelling older Japanese. Therefore, both patterns identified the components of dietary habits essential to depression prevention."
"AB Background: Recent years have seen numerous efforts and resources devoted to the development of open access (OA), but the current OA situation of the oncology literature remains unknown. We conducted this cross-sectional study to determine the current share and provision methods of OA in the field of oncology, identify predictors of OA status (OA versus non-OA), and study the association between OA and citation counts."
"AB Recognizing and mainstreaming pertinent walkability elements into the university campus planning is crucial to materialise green mandates of the campus, while enhancing social and economic sustainability. In one of such attempts, this transverse study investigated the walking motivations, built environment factors associated with campus walkability and the relative importance of the studied built environment factors in reference to the sociodemographic attributes from the viewpoint of the campus community in a tropical university campus in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. An online survey using a structured questionnaire was conducted between May and September 2019. The built environment factors associated with campus walkability were expressed and ranked as adjusted scores (AS). Meanwhile, multivariable logistic regression was deployed to examine the relative importance of the studied built environment factors in reference to the sociodemographic attributes of the campus community. Among 504 total responses acquired, proximity between complementary land uses (907%) was reported as the main motivation for walking. On the other hand, street connectivity and accessibility (AS: 97.62%) was described as the most opted built environment factor, followed by land use (AS: 96.76%), pedestrian infrastructure (AS: 94.25%), walking experience (AS: 87.07%), traffic safety (AS: 85.28%) and campus neighbourhood (AS: 59.62%), respectively. Among the sociodemographic attributes, no regular monthly income (OR 3.162; 95% Cl 1.165-8.379; p < 0.05) and willingness to walk more than 60 min inside the campus per day (OR 0.418; 95% CI 0.243-0.720; p < 0.05) were significantly associated with the expression of higher importance towards the reported built environment factors in the multivariate analysis. In brief, the findings of this study were envisaged to elicit valuable empirical evidence for informed interventions and strengthening campus sustainable mobility policies. (C) 2020 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB Purpose This study aims to reduce carbon emissions and costs in an automobile production plant by improving the operational management efficiency of a serial assembly line assisted by a feeding electric tow vehicle (ETV). Design/methodology/approach A multi-objective function is formulated to minimize the energy consumption of the ETV from which emissions and costs are measured. First, a mixed-integer linear programming model is used to solve the feeding problem for different sizes of the assembly line. Second, a bi-objective optimization (HBOO) model is used to simultaneously minimize the most eco-efficient objectives: the number of completed runs (tours) by the ETV along the assembly line, and the number of visits (stops) made by the ETV to deliver kits of components to workstations. Findings The most eco-efficient strategy is always the bi-objective optimal solution regardless of the size of the assembly line, whereas, for single objectives, the optimization strategy differs depending on the size of the assembly line. Research limitations/implications Instances of the problem are randomly generated to reproduce real conditions of a particular automotive factory according to a previous case study. The optimization procedure allows managers to assess real scenarios improving the assembly line eco-efficiency. These results promote the implementation of automated control of feeding processes in green manufacturing. Originality/value The HBOO-model assesses the assembly line performance with a view to reducing the environmental impact effectively and contributes to reducing the existent gap in the literature. The optimization results define key strategies for manufacturing industries eager to integrate battery-operated motors or to address inefficient traffic of automated transport to curb the carbon footprint."
AB Background and Purpose Patients are classically at risk of delayed cerebral ischemia (DCI) after aneurysmal subarachnoid hemorrhage. We validated a grading scalethe VASOGRADEfor prediction of DCI.
"AB Purpose To investigate the relationship of habitual FV intake, different types of FV, and vegetable diversity with depressive symptoms. Methods Australian men and women (n = 4105) aged > 25 years from the Australian Diabetes, Obesity and Lifestyle Study were included. Dietary intake was assessed using a Food Frequency Questionnaire at baseline, 5 and 12 years. Depressive symptoms were assessed using the validated 10-item Centre for Epidemiology Studies Short Depression Scale at 12 years. Multiple logistic regression models were used to investigate the association between the exposures of interest and depressive symptoms using odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) across quartiles of FV intake and vegetable diversity. Analyses were multivariable-adjusted for confounding factors. Results At 12 years, 425 (10.4%) participants had ""any depressive symptoms"". Habitual FV intake was inversely associated with depressive symptoms at 12 years. After adjustment, participants in quartile 2 of FV intake (Q2; median 317 g/day) had a 20% lower odds of having any depressive symptoms (OR [95% CI] 0.80 [0.69, 0.95]) in comparison to those in the lowest quartile of FV intake (Q1; median 223 g/day). Yellow/orange/red and leafy green vegetables were the key vegetable types driving this association. Higher vegetable diversity (4-6 different vegetables/day) was associated with a 24-42% lower odds of having depressive symptoms when compared to < 3 different vegetables/day. The associations remained similar after further adjusting for diet quality. Conclusion A FV-rich diet, consisting of a diverse range of vegetables, particularly yellow/orange/red and leafy green vegetables may help to lower depressive symptoms. Promoting such a diet, particularly in men and women with a low FV intake, may have a significant public health impact."
"AB An important concern in the mining industry is to reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions across all their processes in the supply chain (SC). A good supply chain network design (SCND) involving environmental strategic challenges allows dealing with this problem. Since the literature about SCND in the mining industry is scarce, in this paper we address a multi-echelon, multi-period and multi-product environmental mining SCND with the objective to reduce GHG emissions under Emissions Trading Scheme (ETS), along with minimizing investment, transportation, operating costs and carbon credits costs resulting by ETS. To solve this problem, we propose a mixed integer linear programming model that considers the location of capacitated facilities in the SC, addressing specific mining problems related to the ore grade available in mining fronts and the customer demand satisfaction in terms of quality and quantity, through additional processes such as blending and beneficiation that occurs along the several echelons of the mining SC. Our model integrates, for the first time the environmental impacts of ore grade on the mining SCND. Taking a base case inspired in a iron ore mining real-world scenario, several instances were generated to validate the proposed model. The results suggested that when the ore grade is included in the SC design, different configurations with direct effects on costs and emissions of equivalent carbon dioxide are obtained; in addition, the ETS showed to be a valid option for reducing both costs and the environmental impact along the SC. Finally, we analyze the environmental and economic impact in front of ore grade and carbon credit price variations to find managerial insights that can help decision-makers in this sector. (C) 2020 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Background The etiology of the central nervous system (CNS) tumors remains largely unknown. The role of pesticide exposure has been suggested by several epidemiological studies, but with no definitive conclusion. Objective To analyze associations between occupational pesticide exposure and primary CNS tumors in adults in the CERENAT study. Methods CERENAT is a multicenter case-control study conducted in France in 2004-2006. Data about occupational pesticide uses-in and outside agriculture-were collected during detailed face-to-face interviews and reviewed by experts for consistency and exposure assignment. Odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (95% CI) were estimated with conditional logistic regression. Results A total of 596 cases (273 gliomas, 218 meningiomas, 105 others) and 1 192 age- and sex-matched controls selected in the general population were analyzed. Direct and indirect exposures to pesticides in agriculture were respectively assigned to 125 (7.0%) and 629 (35.2%) individuals and exposure outside agriculture to 146 (8.2%) individuals. For overall agricultural exposure, we observed no increase in risk for all brain tumors (OR 1.04, 0.69-1.57) and a slight increase for gliomas (OR 1.37, 0.79-2.39). Risks for gliomas were higher when considering agricultural exposure for more than 10 years (OR 2.22, 0.94-5.24) and significantly trebled in open field agriculture (OR 3.58, 1.20-10.70). Increases in risk were also observed in non-agricultural exposures, especially in green space workers who were directly exposed (OR 1.89, 0.82-4.39), and these were statistically significant for those exposed for over 10 years (OR 2.84, 1.15-6.99). Discussion These data support some previous findings regarding the potential role of occupational exposures to pesticides in CNS tumors, both inside and outside agriculture."
AB Background: Information on the extent of patient medication adherence and the use of interventions to advance adherence are scarce in clinical practice. This study aimed to assess medication adherence and risk factors for non-adherence among the caregivers of children with tuberculosis (TB).
"AB Vervets, also known as African green monkeys, are a nonhuman primate species widely used in biomedical research. However, there are currently few references available describing techniques and rates of success for pair-housing this species. We present data from four cohorts of vervets from three different facilities: (i) the Wake Forest Vervet Research Colony (VRC; n = 72 female pairs, n = 52 male pairs), (ii) the University of Louisiana at Lafayette-New Iberia Research Center (UL-NIRC; n = 57 female pairs, n = 54 male pairs), (iii) the Tulane National Primate Research Center (TNRPC; n = 18 male pairs), and (iv) a cohort of imported males (n = 18 pairs) at Wake Forest. Compatibility was measured at 14, 30, and 60 days following introduction. Success rates for pair-housing at 14 days ranged from 96% to 98% for females and 96% to 100% for males at the VRC and UL-NIRC but were lower in the smaller imported male cohorts (TNPRC: 50%; WF: 28%). Among the UL-NIRC cohort and VRC male cohort, most of the pair separations after 14 days were due to reasons unrelated to social incompatibility. In contrast, a large proportion of TNPRC and imported male pairs successful at 14 days required separation within 60 days due to incompatibility. Multiple logistic regressions were performed using cohort, mean age of pair and weight difference between pair-mates as potential predictors of compatibility at 14 days. All three predicted the 14-day outcome in males but not females. A separate analysis in the VRC cohort found no evidence that prior familiarity in a group setting influenced outcomes. Variations in success rates across cohorts may have been influenced by introduction methodology. Behavioral differences between vervets and macaques, coupled with our findings, lead us to theorize that the gradual introduction techniques commonly implemented to pair house macaques may not be beneficial or suitable for this species. (C) 2015 Wiley Periodicals, Inc."
"AB Background: It is crucial to evaluate cerebral blood flow (CBF) during carotid endarterectomy (CEA). However, it is difficult to measure CBF in the operating room. The recent development of high-accuracy near-infrared spectroscopy (NIRS) has enabled the measurement of regional CBF following injection of indocyanine green (ICG). We aimed to measure changes in regional CBF by clamping the carotid artery during CEA and to analyze factors affecting the blood flow index (BFI) in CEA."
"AB Changsha-Zhuzhou-Xiangtan is an urban agglomeration along the middle reaches of the Yangtze River, the development plan of which is listed as one of national strategic development. The eco-environmental quality of the Changsha-Zhuzhou-Xiangtan urban agglomeration concerns the ecological security of China. It is essential to discuss the method of creating urban agglomeration plans to increase ecological security. In this paper, the ecosystem distributions were mapped using the CLUE-S model incorporated with Gray Model (GM) (1, 1) and an auto-logistic regression model under the conditions of a natural increase scenario (NIS), a cultivated protection scenario (CPS) and an ecological protection scenario (EPS). We analyzed the change and conversion characteristics of ecosystems both in the study area and the junction of Changsha, Zhuzhou and Xiangtan. The results showed that the ecosystem change model developed in this paper performed well in mapping future urban ecosystem distributions. The change of the ecosystem spatial distributions showed us that the built-up ecosystem would expand in the future by transforming cultivated and green land ecosystems and that the boundaries between cities would be blurred. In the whole study area, the amount of converted area from cultivated and green land to built-upland was lower in CPS and EPS than in NIS. However, in the key area, the converted result was contrary to the whole study area. Although the CPS and EPS were beneficial to the eco-environmental protection of the whole study region, the sub-regional eco-environment should be given more attention to assure that the ecological security of the whole region remains safe. (C) 2015 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
AB Background
"AB PURPOSE Sentinel lymph node biopsy (SLNB) by dual-dye method (radioisotope plus blue) is the gold standard for axillary staging in patients with breast cancer, but in developing countries, logistic issues and financial constraint play a vital role. Recently, indocyanine green (ICG) has emerged as an alternative to radioisotope (technetium-99 [Tc-99]) for SLNB in breast cancer. This study compared the diagnostic performance of Tc-99 plus methylene blue (MB) dye versus ICG + MB dye SLNB."
"AB Background: Meal habits are associated with overall dietary quality and favorable dietary patterns determined by the Healthy Eating Index (HEI). However, within dietary patterns, complexities of food combinations that are not apparent through composite score determination may occur. Also, explorations of these food combinations with cooking and perceived diet quality (PDQ) remain unknown. Methods: Data from the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) 2007-2010 were utilized to determine the frequency of cooking at home and PDQ, along with sociodemographic variables. Latent class profile analysis was performed to determine person-centered data-driven analysis using the dietary index, HEI-2010, at both the daily and dinner meal-time levels. Multinomial logistic regression analysis was utilized to evaluate the association of dietary patterns with all covariates. Results: For daily HEI, five distinct dietary classes were identified. For dinner HEI, six classes were identified. In comparison to the standard American diet classes, home cooking was positively associated with daily (p < 0.05) and dinner (p < 0.001) dietary classes that had the highest amounts of total vegetable and greens/beans intake. PDQ was positively associated with these classes at the daily level (p < 0.001), but negatively associated with healthier classes at the dinner level (p < 0.001). Conclusion: The use of latent class profile analysis at the daily and dinner meal-time levels identified that food choices coalesce into diverse intakes, as shown by identified dietary classes. Home cooking frequency could be considered a positive factor associated with higher vegetable intake, particularly greens/beans, at the daily and dinner levels. At the same time, the perception of diet quality has a positive association only with daily choices."
"AB BackgroundThere are pervasive pregnancy-related food taboos and myths (PRFT) in Ethiopia. The evidence, however, is limited on whether PRFT contributes to the burden of maternal anemia. Thus, this study was aimed to determine the magnitude of PRFT, the reasons for adherence to PRFT, and the association of adherence to PRFT with anemia, among pregnant Ethiopian women.MethodsThe study was case-control in design and recruited a sample of 592 pregnant women attending antenatal care in four health facilities in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia. Participants were classified into anemic cases (n=187) and non-anemic controls (n=405) based on their hemoglobin level. PRFT was assessed by the participants' subjective reporting of avoidance of certain food items during the current pregnancy due to taboo reasons. The specific types of food items avoided and the underlying reasons for the avoidance were also assessed. The relation of PRFT with anemia was evaluated by multiple logistic regression analysis, controlling for covariate factors.ResultAlmost a fifth of the study participants (18.2%) avoided one or more food items due to PRFT. Adherence to PRFT was 26.2 and 14.6% among the anemic and the non-anemic individuals, respectively. The food items most avoided due to adherence to PRFT were green chili pepper, organ meat, and dark green leafy vegetables like spinach, lettuce, kale, and broccoli. The underlying reasons for the adherence to PRFT were largely traditionally held beliefs and misconceptions. After controlling for covariates, PRFT was significantly and independently associated with a higher odds of anemia [adjusted odds ratio (AOR)=2.12, 95% confidence interval (CI)=1.32-3.42, P=0.002].ConclusionPRFT might be contributing to the burden of maternal anemia in Ethiopia. It is time for public health authorities in Ethiopia to recognize PRFT as a public health risk, strengthen maternal nutrition counseling, and create public awareness of the consequences of PRFT.Trial registrationClinicalTrials.gov (NCT03251664), 16 August 2017."
AB Purpose: To test the hypothesis that mid-treatment measures of the retention of indocyanine green after 15 minutes (ICGR15) would improve the prediction of posttreatment liver function in the setting of hepatocellular carcinoma.
"AB The Type II dilemma zone describes the road segment to a signalized intersection where drivers have difficulties to decide either stop or go at the onset of yellow signal. Such phenomenon can result in an increased crash risk at signalized intersections. Different types of warning systems have been proposed to help drivers make decisions. Although the warning systems help to improve drivers' behavior, they also have several disadvantages such as increasing rear-end crashes or red-light running (RLR) violations. In this study, a new warning system called pavement marking with auxiliary countermeasure (PMAIC) is proposed to reduce the dilemma zone and enhance the traffic safety at signalized intersections. The proposed warning system integrates the pavement marking and flashing yellow system which can provide drivers with better suggestions about stop/go decisions based on their arriving time and speed. In order to evaluate the performance of the proposed warning system, this paper presents a cellular automata (CA) simulation study. The CA simulations are conducted for four different scenarios in total, including the typical intersection without warning system, the intersection with flashing green countermeasure, the intersection with pavement marking, and the intersection with the PMAIC warning system. Before the specific CA simulation analysis, a logistic regression model is calibrated based on field video data to predict drivers' general stop/go decisions. Also, the rules of vehicle movements in the CA models under the influence by different warning systems are proposed. The proxy indicators of rear-end crash and potential RLR violations were estimated and used to evaluate safety levels for the different scenarios. The simulation results showed that the PMAIC countermeasure consistently offered best performance to reduce rear-end crash and RLR violation. Meanwhile, the results indicate that the flashing-green countermeasure could not effectively reduce either rear-end crash risk or RLR violations. Also, it is found that the pavement-marking countermeasure has positive effects on reducing the rear-end risk while it may increase the probability of RLR violation. Lastly, the implementation of the proposed warning system is discussed with the consideration of connected-vehicle technology. It is expected that the dilemma zone issues can be efficiently addressed if the proposed countermeasure can be employed within connected vehicle technology."
AB Background: Post-hepatectomy liver failure (PHLF) is one of the most serious complications and major causes of liver resection mortality. The purpose of this study is to investigate and compare the performance of preoperative two-dimensional shear wave elastography (2D-SWE) and the indocyanine green (ICG) clearance test for the prediction of PHLF.
"AB BackgroundA growing number of studies have explored how features of the neighbourhood environment can be related to cognitive health in later life. Yet few have focused on low- and middle-income countries and compared the results across different settings. The aim of this study is to investigate the cross-sectional associations between neighbourhood amenities and dementia in older people from high-, middle- and low-income countries.MethodsThis study was based on two population-based cohort studies of people aged >= 65: the Cognitive Function and Ageing Study II (CFAS II) in UK (N=4955) and a subset of the 10/66 study in China, Dominican Republic and Mexico (N=3386). In both cohorts, dementia was assessed using the Geriatric Mental State-Automated Geriatric Examination for Computer Assisted Taxonomy (GMS-AGECAT) algorithm. The 10/66 dementia diagnostic algorithm was also used as an additional criterion in the 10/66 study. Publicly accessible databases, Google Maps and Open Street Map, were used to obtain geographic information system data on distance to neighbourhood amenities, including lifestyle (cafes, libraries, movie theatres, parks), daily life (post offices, convenience stores), healthcare (hospitals, pharmacies) and percentages of local green and blue spaces within 400 and 800m of participants' residences. Multilevel logistic regression was used to investigate the associations between these environmental features and dementia adjusting for sociodemographic factors and self-rated health.ResultsLiving far from daily life amenities was associated with higher odds of dementia in both CFAS II (1.47; 95% CI: 0.96, 2.24) and the 10/66 study (1.53; 95% CI: 1.15, 2.04), while living far from lifestyle (1.50; 95% CI: 1.13, 1.99) and healthcare amenities (1.32; 95% CI: 0.93, 1.87) was associated with higher odds of dementia only in the 10/66 study. A high availability of local green and blue spaces was not associated with dementia in either cohort yet living far from public parks was associated with lower odds of dementia in CFAS II (0.64; 95% CI: 0.41, 1.00).ConclusionsThe different relationships across cohorts may indicate a varying role for local amenities in diverse settings. Future research may investigate mechanisms related to these differences and social, cultural and historical influences on the interaction between neighbourhood amenities and older people."
"AB Urban green infrastructures (UGIs) are being increasingly recognized as key providers of ecosystem services (ES) in cities. However, many developing countries still lack the public awareness of the concepts of UGIs and their ES, including the benefit & monetary value of the UGIs' services, the willingness to pay (WTP) for the UGIs' services. The relationship between the benefits & monetary value of and the WTP for the services of UGIs has not been extensively investigated. These two aspects were respectively defined as ES supply and as ES demand in the current study, in which their relationship was scientifically described. Meanwhile, the influential factors of the deviation between ES supply and ES demand were explored. Adopting Guangzhou City (China) as a case, the main ES supply of UGIs in three public green spaces including air pollutant removal, daytime temperature reduction, rainwater runoff regulation, and noise abatement was first assessed with field measurements. Further, the main ES demand including people's preferences, satisfaction, and WTP for the UGIs' ES was analyzed with survey and statistical analysis. In total, 405 valid questionnaires were distributed to collect the data of ES demand and were analyzed by the nonparametric Kruskal-Wallis H test and a binary logistic regression model. The monetary valuation was used to unify the benefit valuation standards provided by different ESs, so as to more intuitively reflect the contribution of different ESs and compare these with ESs demand which uses WTP as one of the indicators. The results showed significant differences between ES supply and ES demand. The major evidence was that the regulation services could supply most of the ES benefits, while the cultural services were the most demanded by respondents. People had diverse sensitivity to the different types of ES provided by the UGIs. Cultural services were the most easily perceived by the respondents and considered as the top one, followed by regulation services. In addition, the outcome of the survey revealed different criteria regarding ES demand by people, and varying influencing factors for people's satisfaction and WTP. Benefits, such as education opportunities, entertainment, and health values provided by UGIs in cultural services were more favored by respondents. Last, the statistical analysis confirmed that sociodemographic factors significantly influence people's WTP. This study suggests that UGIs should be oriented towards multifunctional construction, thereby emphasizing the relationship and balance between ecological integrity and social perception."
"AB Taking carbon emissions into account in decision-making on distribution network operations contributes to achieving the goal of promoting energy conservation and emissions reduction. The focus of this paper is to research multicapacity hierarchical location-routing robust optimization in distribution network design under carbon trading policies. First, this problem is described as a mixed integer nonlinear programming model. Then, based on strong duality theory, the nonlinear model is transformed into a linear robust equivalent model. Finally, GUROBI software is used for numerical calculation and analysis. The results suggest the following: carbon trading policies have a carbon abatement effect; with a decrease in the carbon emissions cap and an increase in carbon trading prices, carbon emissions undergo a ladder-like downward trend; uncertain fluctuations in freight units will influence the optimal decision-making patterns of enterprises; and making more vehicles available will reduce carbon emissions. The government should set a reasonable carbon emissions cap according to market conditions. Enterprises could adopt robust control parameters on the basis of their decision-making preferences and consider the impact of carbon trading policy in formulating and adjusting an optimal decision-making scheme."
"AB To reduce the airflow velocity and improve the pneumatic conveying performance of lump coal particle, the pickup process and pickup prediction of lump coal particles with 5-15 mm diameters are firstly studied in this paper. The pickup velocity of lump coal particles were determined by the weight loss method and observed by a high speed camera. The results show that the pickup mechanism, the pickup process, and the variation in the weight loss curve of the lump coal particle are similar to the results of Geldart D particles and Geldart B particles. Notably, two observations are worth highlighting: (1) the pickup of lump coal particles is determined by the critical motion, namely, initial shaking and rolling, which are mainly affected by the disturbance of airflow, the disturbance of particle impact, and the disturbance of unstable-support; and (2) the K & R model has a favorable adaptability to large lump coal particles, and an exponential equation, based on the foundation of the K & R model and taking the dimensionless particle size into account, is employed to predict the pickup velocity of lump coal particles. The prediction deviations agree well with the experimental results. (C) 2018 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB Since the concept of sustainability emerged as a new business paradigm, sustainable management has become one of the main topics among academic researchers and business practitioners. It is widely agreed that supply chain capabilities play a pivotal role in meeting customers' needs better through well-balanced integration of green marketing and eco-friendly SCM. However, many of previous studies mainly focused on the environmental aspect of sustainable management, lacking of comprehensive insight into its impact on customer relationship. Aiming to fill this literature gap, this paper empirically investigates the influence of sustainable management activities (SMA) on customer satisfaction (CS) and long-term orientation (LTO). The data were collected from 214 users of Korean flagged shipping service (shippers, freight forwarders and third party logistics service providers in Korea) and structural equation modelling (SEM) was employed to test the hypothesised relationships. The findings in this study are expected to contribute to establishing the strategy for effective sustainable management to enhance customer satisfaction and retention."
"AB A truly sustainable organization needs to take the economic, environmental and social dimensions of sustain ability into account. Although the economic and environmental dimensions of sustainability have been examined by many scholars and practitioners, thus far, the social dimension has been received less attention in literature and in practice, in particular in developing countries. Social sustainability enables other sustainability initiatives and overlooking this dimension can have a serious adverse impact across supply chains. To address this issue, this study proposes a framework for investigating the social sustainability of supply chains in manufacturing companies. To show the applicability and efficiency of the proposed framework, a sample of 38 experts was used to evaluate and prioritize social sustainability criteria, using a multi-criteria decision-making method called the 'best worst method' (BWM). The criteria are ranked according to their average weight obtained through BWM. The respondents view 'contractual stakeholders influence' as the most important social sustainability criterion. The results of this study help industry managers, decision-makers and practitioners decide where to focus their attention during the implementation stage, to increase social sustainability in their organizational supply chain and move towards sustainable development."
"AB In this paper, the transient behavior of the particle assembly yield dynamics when switching from low yield to high yield deposition at different velocity and thermal regimes is investigated. Capillary force assisted particle assembly (CAPA) using colloidal suspension of green fluorescent 270 nm diameter polystyrene beads was performed on patterned poly (dimethyl siloxane) substrates using a custom-built deposition setup. Two types of patterns with different trapping site densities were used to assess CAPA process dynamics and the influence of pattern density and geometry on the deposition yield transitions. Closely packed 300 nm diameter circular pits ordered in hexagonal arrangement with 300 nm pitch, and 2 x 2 mm(2) square pits with 2 mu m spacing were used. 2-D regular structures of the deposited particles were investigated by means of optical fluorescence and scanning electron microscopy. The fluorescence micrographs were analyzed using a custom algorithm enabling to identify particles and calculate efficiency of the deposition performed at different regimes. Relationship between the spatial distribution of particles in transition zone and ambient conditions was evaluated and quantified by approximation of the yield profile with a logistic function. (C) 2017 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB The paper aims at developing a robust model that can capture, calculate and manage emissions activity across a transportation and distribution network to enable corporate social responsibility practices via identifying the carbon intensive activities within the transport and extended enterprise. This is a multi-attribute problem where a number of variables need to be taken into account across the different echelons of the supply chain. A case company ""X"" from the apparel industry is used for the purposes of the study."
"AB This study was to explore the feasibility of prediction and classification of cells in different stages of apoptosis with a stain-free method based on diffraction images and supervised machine learning. Apoptosis was induced in human chronic myelogenous leukemia K562 cells by (DDP). A newly developed technique of polarization diffraction imaging flow cytometry (p-DIFC) was performed to acquire diffraction images of the cells in three different statuses (viable, early apoptotic and late apoptotic/necrotic) after cell separation through fluorescence activated cell sorting with Annexin V-PE and SYTOXA (R) Green double staining. The texture features of the diffraction images were extracted with in-house software based on the Gray-level co-occurrence matrix algorithm to generate datasets for cell classification with supervised machine learning method. Therefore, this new method has been verified in hydrogen peroxide induced apoptosis model of HL-60. Results show that accuracy of higher than 90% was achieved respectively in independent test datasets from each cell type based on logistic regression with ridge estimators, which indicated that p-DIFC system has a great potential in predicting and classifying cells in different stages of apoptosis."
"AB A simple dichotomous Logit model of contingent valuation was applied to estimate the value of the recreational service of Parque Mexico in Mexico City. An average annual value per person of $3 627.9 pesos was obtained for a model with only variable payment and intercept, both this model and its parameters were significant with a P-Value of 0.01. While, for a model that also includes variables of the sociodemographic profile of the visitor, only the variable payment and the monthly family income and place of residence were significant with at least a P-value of 0.05. In this model the average annual value per person increases to $3 691.6. It is concluded, like other investigations, that the acceptance of payment decreases as the proposed payment increases. The positive signs obtained in the proposed payment and the monthly family income have theoretically expected signs and coincide with the results of other park valuations. The conclusion is that new research is needed on the types of questions, scenarios and payment mechanisms that are used in the contingent valuation method and its effect on the estimated average monetary values."
"AB In this paper, we propose a bi-objective MILP formulation to minimise logistics costs as well as emissions in a supply chain network design problem with multiple layers of facilities, technology levels and transportation mode decisions. The proposed model aims at investigating the trade-off between cost and emissions through supply chain activities (i.e. raw material supply, manufacturing, warehousing, and transportation). To this end, a multi-directional local search (MDLS) metaheuristic is developed. The proposed method provides a limited set of non-dominated solutions ranging from a purely cost effective solution to a purely environmentally effective one. Each iteration of the MDLS consists in performing local searches from all non-dominated solutions. To do so, a Large Neighborhood Search (LNS) algorithm is used. Extensive experiments based on randomly generated instances of various sizes and features are described. Three classic performance measures are used to compare the set of non-dominated solutions obtained by the MDLS algorithm and by directly solving the MILP model with the epsilon-constraint approach. This paper is concluded by managerial insights about the impact of using greener technology on the supply chain topology."
"AB Purpose The purpose of this paper is to conceptualize a model for sustainable supply chain management (SSCM) that integrates the antecedents, practices and performance measures of sustainability. It also examines if lean management (LM) and supply management (SM) are antecedents of SSCM. Design/methodology/approach A systematic review of literature was undertaken across multiple streams, including operations management, SCM, sustainability, business ethics and performance management. Articles relevant to SSCM published over a span of 31 years (1988-2018) were searched using keywords and specific selection criteria. Findings From the literature, three dependent constructs - motivators of sustainability, LM and SM - and three independent constructs - environmental practices in SCM, social practices in SCM and SSCM performance - are identified and defined. Linkages between these constructs are hypothesized to develop a theoretical framework called the ""integrated lean/supply management with sustainability motivators, practices and performance model."" Originality/value By identifying LM and SM as additional antecedents of SSCM, this study suggests that sustainability may be realized through LM and SM principles. Further, the proposed model presents a novel integration of literature from diverse domains."
"AB Carbon emissions from products contribute to anthropogenic climate change. Because of the growing concern over the environmental impact of production and consumption of consumer goods, carbon footprint information started to appear on labels of several products. In this paper we use both parametric and non-parametric econometric models in order to estimate Egyptian consumers' willingness to pay (WTP) for carbon-labeled products. Contingent valuation methods based on log-logistic, log-normal and Weibull regression models revealed that consumers in Egypt are willing to pay a price premium of approximately 75 Egyptian pounds (EP) for carbon-labeled products based on the single-bound dichotomous choice (SBDC) model and up to 90 EP based on the double-bound dichotomous choice (DBDC) model. From a socio-economic perspective, results have also revealed that income, age, gender, and educational level have a significant influence on the respondent's WTP. Implications of this study highlight the fact that understanding consumers' preferences for eco-friendly products may play an important role in formulating environmental policy changes to face complex problems as diverse as environmental pollution or global climate change. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Hemp's reemergence in the United States' economy presents an opportunity for a new category of sustainable product choice for consumers. This study fills a gap in knowledge about which consumers are currently aware of or choosing hemp products using the theory of choice alternatives and a statistically representative survey from a top ten hemp producing US state. Findings reveal high levels of consumer awareness and consideration of hemp products in general and a smaller evoked/choice set. Cannabidiol products appear most often in our sample's choice set; we examined these specifically. Other hemp products also appear, including clothing and textile, personal care, building material, and food products. Bivariate logistic regression results show that older respondents are more likely to be in the unaware set for hemp products in general and for cannabidiol products. Politically liberal respondents are more likely to be in the evoked/choice set for hemp products in general and for cannabidiol products. No demographic variables are significantly associated with being in the consideration set for hemp products in general. Younger and more educated respondents are more likely to consider cannabidiol products. As hemp represents a nascent but growing market, this study provides a baseline from which to build understanding of consumer choice alternatives."
"AB Sustainable operations and sustainable supply chain management (SSCM) have become a highly relevant topic for scientific research and management, as well as policy-making practice. Despite surging growth in extant research, the need for theoretical and conceptual substantiation persists, and large opportunities for further research remain unexploited. This paper responds to the need for a conceptual foundation and, therefore, aims at providing a structured agenda for future research areas in SSCM. Based on an abductive reasoning approach, SSCM constructs and concepts are gathered from existing literature and recombined into a comprehensive conceptual SSCM framework. Areas and directions for future SSCM research, as suggested in earlier studies, are summarized, positioned in the framework, and outlined to stimulate further SSCM research activities. To overcome the lack of holistic research in the field, sophisticated techniques and integrated systems to support decision-making are required to tackle related issues' complexity. Therefore, this paper's contribution lies in the synthesis of state-of-the-art literature to provide a more comprehensive view of SSCM. Researchers may find promising recommendations and a suitable foundation for future studies, while practitioners may find helpful orientation and guidance for decision- and policy-making."
"AB The ever-growing awareness of environmental protection has significantly influenced the method of manufacturing products. Due to the introduction of new processes, the management of sustainable manufacturing shows different characteristics to those of traditional systems. Sustainable manufacturing systems have attracted a great deal of attention in the past 20years as an emerging manufacturing approach. Particularly in the last 10years, the number of papers focusing on the topic of sustainable manufacturing systems' management has increased rapidly. More and more practical factors have been considered and integrated into this area which makes it more complex, but closer to reality. This paper aims to classify the mathematical problems dealing with the management of sustainable manufacturing systems. More than 100 related papers mainly from 1994 to 2015 have been selected and reviewed and divided into three categories according to the main elements in a manufacturing system: production planning and control, inventory management and control and manufacturing network design. The development of each category is summarised and the corresponding mathematical problems are discussed to provide a general overview of the relevant research fields and identify future research directions."
"AB Supplier selection is a critical process in sustainable supply chain management. Increased pressure from stakeholders has forced companies to search for methodologies that help in arriving at intelligent supplier selection decisions. This is a unique study as it illustrates how to optimise orders among various suppliers while taking into consideration all three dimensions of sustainability -economic, social, and environmental. Previous studies have mostly relied on simple ranking of suppliers on the basis of past performance for selection. Those studies that did emphasise on optimisation of orders among suppliers, did not consider all three dimensions of sustainability. To establish an improved sustainable supply chain, this study uses integrated fuzzy AHP and fuzzy multi-objective linear programming approach for order allocation among suppliers. fuzzy AHP has been used for weighing various factors such as quality, lead time, cost, energy use, waste minimisation, emission, and social contribution, and weights of the factors have been considered for developing linear programming. Demand has been taken as a fuzzy variable in this model. The case of an Indian automobile company has been taken as illustration."
"AB An optimisation model for the sustainable design of refrigerated automated storage and retrieval systems is proposed, which takes into account specific features of the food supply chain, such as temperature control. Rack configuration as well as surfaces and volumes of the cold cell are conjointly optimised in order to minimise the total yearly cost of the automated storage facility, introducing energy requirements both for refrigeration and picking operations explicitly, other than investment costs. Crane plus satellite systems are modelled in order to enable deep lane solutions and space savings, as suitable for cold storage. The model allows a deep analysis of the impact of supply chain decision variables, such as the facility location, the storage temperature and the incoming product temperature on costs, energy use and carbon dioxide emissions, so that storage facilities attributes for supply chain design models can be properly assessed to re-optimise the whole cold chain. The design problem is modelled and solved by Constraint Programming in order to easily manage non-linear functions."
"AB Based on compressive sensing and double random encryption strategy, a novel color image compression and encryption scheme is proposed in this paper. The architecture of compression, confusion and diffusion is adopted. Firstly, the red, green and blue components of color plain image are converted to three sparse coefficient matrices by discrete wavelet transform (DWT), and then a double random position permutation (DRPP) is introduced to confuse the coefficient matrices. Subsequently, Logistic-Tent system is utilized to generate the asymptotic deterministic random measurement matrix based on chaotic system and plain image (ADMMCP), which is used to measure the coefficient matrices to obtain measurement value matrices. Moreover, simultaneous double random pixel diffusion between inter-intra components (SDRDIC) is presented to modify the elements of measurement value matrices to obtain the final cipher image. A 4-D hyperchaotic system is applied to produce chaotic sequences for confusion and diffusion, the initial conditions of the used chaotic systems are controlled by the SHA 512 hash value of plain image and external keys, such that the proposed image cryptosystem may withstand known-plaintext and chosen-plaintext attacks. Experimental results and security analyses verify the effectiveness of the proposed cipher. (C) 2020 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB Interest in the production of renewable energy using forest biomass is increasing in South Korea, and improved knowledge on operations logistics to lower biomass harvesting costs is needed. This study aimed to build a low-cost forest-biomass harvesting system by analyzing the costs of two integrated (cut-to-length and whole-tree) harvesting systems for logs and logging residues. Two integrated harvesting systems were carried out in the clear-cut mixed forest on a steep slope. Compared to the cut-to-length system that separately extracts logs and logging residues in a forest, the cable whole-tree harvesting system can save $8.8/green weight ton (Gwt) because it requires no additional yarding operation cost of logging residues. Moreover, a breakeven analysis shows that the required machine utilization rates that favor whole-tree harvesting systems over cut-to-length harvesting were more than 70% for cable harvesting systems. The introduction of the whole-tree harvesting system is, therefore, required to produce forest biomass at a low cost. In the future, studies on forest-biomass processing and transportation systems will be needed to provide a biomass feedstock supply cost from stump to biomass power plant."
"AB The present study investigated the effect of different culture conditions on the vegetative growth of a new species, Haematococcus alpinus (strain LCR-CC-261f) using airlift photobioreactors. The influence of culture medium, aeration rates, CO2 concentration in air-gas mixture, temperature, light intensities, and wavelengths were investigated to achieve sustainable high cell density cultures. Growth parameters were determined by fitting the data to a form of the logistic equation that included a lag phase. The shear-sensitive vegetative cells favored lower aeration rates in the photobioreactors. MLA medium increased to 40 mM nitrate produced high density cultures. Temperatures between 12 degrees C and 18 degrees C, 3% (v/v) CO2 concentration and a narrow photon flux density ranging between 37 and 48 mu mol photons center dot m(-2) center dot s(-1) were best suited for growth. The wavelength of the light source also impacted growth and a high cell density of 9.6 x 10(5) cells center dot mL(-1) was achieved using a mixture of red and blue compared to warm white, red, or blue LEDs."
"AB An electric vehicle-routing problem (EVRP) is developed to settle some operation distribution troubles such as battery energy limitations and difficulties in finding charging stations for electric vehicles (EVs). Meanwhile, in view of realistic traffic conditions and features of EVs, energy consumption with travel speed and cargo load is considered in the EVRP model. Moreover, to avoid the depletion of all battery power and ensure safe operation, EVs with insufficient battery power can be recharged at charging stations many times in transit. In conclusion, a large, realistic case study with the road network of Beijing urban, 100 customers and 30 charging stations is conducted to test the performance of the model and obtain an optimal operation scheme consisted of the routes, charging plan and driving paths. The EVRP model is solved based on the hybrid genetic algorithm to get the routes and charging plan. The dynamic Dijkstra algorithm with some improvements over the classical Dijkstra algorithm is applied to find the driving paths called the most energy efficient paths between any two adjacent visited nodes in the routes."
"AB Purpose The purpose of this study is to analyze the relationships among four types of sustainable operations practices and sustainable performance in the environmental, economic and social dimensions and identifies significant moderators. Design/methodology/approach In order to achieve the proposed goal, this study was developed through a systematic review of the literature followed by a meta-analysis of the correlations and by a meta-regression. The sampling criteria were quantitative operations management articles published through 2019. Findings The results suggest that all 13 analyzed relationships are positive and are affected by moderators. Research limitations/implications In theoretical terms, this study reinforces the positive relationship between sustainable operations practices and performance and, more importantly, detects moderating effects. One of the study limitations is the composition of the sample, focusing exclusively on quantitative correlational articles published in journals. Practical implications In practice, the findings of this study imply that managers should be vigilant in implementing sustainable operations practices, observing the conditions in which more of these practices can be implemented into performance. Originality/value This study differs from others because it includes the social dimension of sustainable performance and the identification of moderators."
"AB Post-occupancy evaluations (POE) have been often used to study user satisfaction with office environments. More recently, POEs have been recognized for documenting occupant well-being and responses to 26 indoor environmental quality (IEQ) factors that incorporate sustainable design guidelines such as thermal, lighting, and acoustic conditions. The Sustainable Post-Occupancy Evaluation Surveys (SPOES) have measured occupants' (n = 2836) satisfaction with IEQ factors for 11 years. This paper presents findings from this 11-year-benchmark study. It suggests a lower satisfaction rating for adjustability than other IEQ factors. Based on further logistic regression analyses of the IEQ factors, occupants tended to be dissatisfied with their primary workspace when they were dissatisfied with acoustic conditions, furnishings, and privacy. The results imply that improving acoustic and privacy conditions, especially, would bring the most significant impact on the positive experience in built environments, whereas improving thermal conditions would impact relatively less significant on the positive experience. Acknowledging how differently each IEQ factor can affect building occupants' satisfaction and perception is important for determining benchmarks that support occupants' health and well-being in the workplace environment, where they spend much of their time."
"AB Background: People diagnosed with schizophrenia have difficulties in emotion recognition and theory of mind, and these may contribute to paranoia. The aim of this study was to determine whether this relationship is evident in patients residing in a secure forensic setting."
"AB Citrus Huanglongbing (HLB), also called citrus greening, is the most destructive disease in the citrus industry. Detecting the disease as early as possible and then eradicating infected roots can effectively control its spread. For the Shatangju mandarin cultivar, a non-destructive citrus HLB field detection method based on hyperspectral reflectance is proposed in this study. A characteristic band extraction method based on entropy distance and sequential backward selection is explored. Several machine learning algorithms (logistic regression, decision tree, support vector machine, k-nearest neighbor, linear discriminant analysis, and ensemble learning) were used to discriminate between disease groups: healthy, symptomatic HLB-infected, and asymptomatic HLB-infected, based on leaf reflectance. The results showed that the use of primary hyperspectral reflectance is very feasible for such classification. The band selection method proposed in this study provides an option for dimensionality reduction while still providing high classification accuracy. In three-group classification, the SVM learner achieved 90.8% accuracy, while in two-group classification (healthy vs symptomatic HLB leaves), the accuracy reached to 96%. The results also show that using only a few bands is insufficient for classification. In this study, 13 characteristic bands extracted by the proposed method provided the best performance."
"AB Parks are an important part of the urban fabric of cities. They offer people the opportunity to connect with nature, engage in physical activity, find a haven away from the city noise, or spend time alone or with family and friends. This study examines the relative importance of park and park visit characteristics for 865 survey participants in Dublin, Ireland. The data is analyzed using a multinomial logistic regression model which can distinguish the relative importance of attributes. The model results demonstrate an improvement over proportional by chance accuracy, indicating that the model is useful. The results suggest that when and why individuals go to the park along with the proximity of their residence to the park influence visit frequency more than their age and gender and more than their impression of the sound levels in the park. The contribution of the results, in terms of their potential usefulness to planners, suggest that the priority should be on the provision of park space close to residential areas, so that individuals can engage in activities such as walking and relaxation, and that the quality of that space, in the context of noise levels at least, is less important."
"AB How and why do risk mitigation strategies evolve? And which resources are needed for engaging in such changes? This paper contributes to the understanding of risk management in supply chains by developing theory about the interplay between supply risk mitigation strategies and the purchasing team's relationship dominant logic (RDL), which we define as the purchasing team's orientation toward and shared cognitive map of the management of its supply chain relationships. Specifically, we propose that RDL and supply risk mitigation strategies are fundamentally intertwined. Following a Straussian approach to grounded theory, this study analyzes data generated from the purchasing teams of Western green-tech firms trying to mitigate supply risk for technically indispensable rare earth metals from China. Our findings from this context that is heavily shaped by state-influenced supply chain members show that the firms chose their mitigation strategies in line with their RDL. Human capital, social capital, and financial capital seem to moderate the link between RDL and mitigation strategies. We link our findings with the strategic management literature in deriving theoretical propositions concerning these relationships."
"AB Metallothioneins (MTs) are cysteine-rich proteins that act as antioxidants. A case-control study was conducted to assess the effects of gene polymorphisms in the MT region on the risk of lung cancer in Japanese subjects: 769 lung cancer cases and 939 non-cancer controls. Associations were evaluated using logistic regression models with adjustment for potential confounders (age, sex, and lifestyle factors including smoking, drinking, and green-yellow vegetable intake). We found five polymorphisms in the MT-1 gene region that showed statistically significant associations with lung cancer. Of these polymorphisms, rs7196890 showed the strongest association (odds ratio: 1.30, P=0.004, 95% confidence interval: 1.09-1.55). The impact of the polymorphism decreased with the increase of smoking, and virtually no association with lung cancer was observed among heavy smokers whose pack-year values were 30 or more (odds ratio: 1.02, P=0.93, 95% confidence interval: 0.67-1.55). These results suggest that polymorphisms in the MT gene are moderately associated with the risk of lung cancer and that the associations are modified by lifestyle factors. (c) 2014 Wiley Periodicals, Inc."
"AB This paper applies an Analytic Network Process (ANP) to supplier selection at a Taiwanese Electronics Company. The selection process is based on the Triple Bottom Line (TBL). It shows that the use of ANP helps to capture the imprecision in human judgment while TBL enables the consideration of social development, environmental protection, and economic development issues. With TBL, a holistic view of the company is taken in the decision making process. A framework is developed to enable general application of ANP. A case study using ten company executives from an anonymous Taiwanese company is used to illustrate the framework, and also to identify the key factors in supplier selection. Our results, Which are consistent with other research findings, show that product design for sustainability and green supply chain management are the most important factors in supplier selection. This is also consistent with our earlier results in the paper which showed environmental protection has the highest priority index among the three components of TBL, namely social development, environmental protection, and economic development. (C) 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Transport depends on crude oil as a source of fuel for trucks, trains and ships and bitumen for roads. Europe has shown that even with a strong commitment to emission reduction, transport Green House Gas emissions will continue to rise relative to other sectors. As Australia's freight task increases and as fuel supply risks increase, the need for change is also increasing. Investment will be required in transport fleet expansion and replacement, meaning that now is an opportune time to review our transport paradigm. Sea transport is no different to road, rail and air in its ability to leverage improvements in engine efficiency, materials, logistics management, control systems, renewable fuels, hybrid, solar and energy storage technologies. However, sea transport has two unique advantages over other transport modes: a low cost of infrastructure and the capability of harnessing wind by direct conversion of kinetic energy. The development of high-efficiency vessels and market drivers are close to a tipping point for rapid evolution. A possible step in this evolution is the development and application of high-efficiency vessel technologies to improve the sustainability of remote communities and the tourism industry. This would have strong synergies with the Australian high-speed shipbuilding industry's world market leadership."
"AB Many historic villages are trying to exploit the appeal of cultural heritage, an authentic atmosphere, and beautiful landscapes to emerge as rural tourism destinations. This study investigated the capacity of destination certifications and labels to positively influence tourists' perceptions, experiences, and satisfaction from the perspective of destination competitiveness. As a case study, we selected an Italian village which was awarded the label of one of 'The Most Beautiful Villages in Italy'. Multinomial logistic regression models were fitted to investigate differences in the ratings of tourists who were or were not aware of the label. The results suggested that the label could provide a significant competitive advantage to tourism in historic villages. Indeed, tourists who were aware of the label were more likely to rate their experience higher in terms of authenticity, personal involvement, and memorability. They also reported higher overall satisfaction and re-visit intentions. A relationship between tourists' awareness of the label and the likelihood of a positive quality rating emerged only for those attributes strictly related with the main focus of the label. The findings of this study have important policy implications for historic villages' tourism development."
"AB Sustainable Supply Chain Management (SSCM) is a topic of growing interest among researchers. Many works have investigated the negative impact of CO2 emission, but have put less emphasis on other emission types. Many works have focused on the economic and environmental dimensions of sustainability but lacked content on the social dimension. Since SSCM is concerned with all aspects of sustainability, this work undertakes the three dimensions of sustainability and models particulate pollution (PM2.5) which has been cited in the literature to have a negative impact on human health. The paper constructs a mathematical programming model that minimizes the transportation costs and the undesirable social medical costs for remedying the release of PM2.5 into the atmosphere. The paper solves a model that evaluates different transportation modes, transportation costs, carbon emissions, PM2.5, medical costs, and capturing options. Moreover, the work utilizes a Monte Carlo simulation to best present the inherent variations in the model. Largely, the work provides stakeholders with transportation mode choices and greening opportunity investments to minimize the overall transportation costs while respecting physical and operational constraints."
"AB Closed-loop supply chain design is used to provide an optimal platform for efficient and effective supply chain management. It is an essential and strategic operation management problem in supply chain management and, usually, includes multiple and conflicting objectives. A new mixed integer non-linear programming model for a multi-objective closed-loop supply chain network design problem in the paper industry is developed under uncertainty. The objective functions can minimize the total cost, maximize the total volume flexibility, and minimize the total number of vehicles hired in order to fulfill the paper industry's policies towards a cleaner and green environment. In addition, a novel hybrid solution is presented based on stochastic programming, robust optimization, and fuzzy goal programming. A numerical example utilizing the real data from the paper industry in East Azerbaijan of Iran is designed, and the model performance is assessed. Furthermore, a recently developed Dragonfly Algorithm (DA) has been employed to solve the given problem on large scales and compared with Genetic Algorithm (GA). The results indicated that the DA achieved better performance, as compared with the GA. (C) 2018 Sharif University of Technology. All rights reserved."
"AB A research model using the market price for greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions illustrates how the policies, and economic and environment implications of the carbon price can be formulated using a deterministic equilibrium model. However, with increasing carbon costs, the optimal reverse supply chain (RSC) system is being required to adapt and has undergone many distinct shifts in character as it seeks out new configurations through which costs may be effectively managed and minimized. The model was studied comprehensively in terms of quantitative performance using orthogonal arrays. The results were compared to top-down estimates produced through economic input-output life cycle assessment (EIO-LCA) models, providing a basis to contrast remanufacturing GHG emission quantities with those realized through original equipment manufacturing operations. Introducing a carbon cost of $40/t CO2e increased modeled remanufacturing costs by 2.7%, but also increased original equipment costs by 2.3%. The research presented in this study puts forward the theoretical modeling of optimal RSC systems and provides an empirical case study concerning remanufactured appliances, an area of current industrial literature in which there is a dearth of study."
"AB Over the past 10 years, the concepts and objectives of circular economy have been increasingly detailed and become strategic issues of international, European, and national policies. However, the transition towards circular production models continues to be affected by several barriers and critical factors that make the transition difficult to achieve. The paper tries to design a relationship between sustainable production and lean production, highlighting the opportunity to invest in reverse-logistics and how Industry 4.0 system represents a breeding ground for circular economy targets application. The aim of the current study is to examine the relationships among sustainable production, lean production, and Industry 4.0 in order to evidence the need to adopt a lean methodology and Industry 4.0 technologies in a sustainable development perspective for companies. Following a holistic vision, the authors summarize the production principles and formulas, which, although in parallel, lead to similar results and therefore represent the pillars of a competitive and sustainable business. In conclusion, exploring the circular economy principles and production chain model, challenges, opportunities, and future outlooks are formulated."
"AB India is the second largest producer of onion in the world. Though newer states, like Bihar and Madhya Pradesh, are emerging in onion production; onion is still largely concentrated in the states of Maharashtra and Karnataka, one dominating in rabi onion and the other one in kharif onion. Despite tremendous production growth and trade opportunities, India suffers from very high volatility in onion production. Markets in the leading state i.e., Maharashtra, are pre-dominant in terms of onion supply and distribution and thereby creating strong influences on other markets. Lasalgaon, Pimpalgaon, Bangalore and Solapur are the major markets transmitting price signals to other major consuming and producing markets. The market surveillance needs to be given due priority to control for any imperfections and malpractices arising due to advance signals. The instability in production can be reduced by diluting regional concentration of onion production. Stabilisation through stocks by public sector agencies like NAFED will help reducing the exploitation and market manipulation by private traders. The storage capacity needs to be enhanced at the grass root level. Effective use of Government schemes like ""Price Stabilisation Fund"" and ""Operation Greens"" would help in creating mechanisms and logistics to control the price volatility."
"AB Under growing consumer awareness and increasing legislation, firms are realizing the importance of including sustainability within their strategic objectives to promote their green image, enhance their corporate citizenship status, and also improve profit margins. Towards this end, sustainability through product remanufacturing is gaining momentum. However, a key complication for maintaining operational efficiencies during production planning and control of remanufacturing lies in the inability to accurately forecast core returns. These difficulties are mostly attributable to limited visibility and higher levels of uncertainty in reverse logistics. Despite significant advances in the remanufacturing literature over the last two decades, there is not yet a practical approach for modeling core return delay durations when the company is engaged in business with a large remanufacturing product catalog and many customer facilities. This is particularly true for suppliers that engage in both original equipment (OE) service as well as independent after-market (IAM) businesses. This research aims to address these limitations for suppliers by developing a range of hazard rate models for core returns duration modeling. Models are also validated using data from a large global automotive supplier. (C) 2016 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB Environmental equity (EE) has become internationally recognized as an important research field, but in Japan limited quantitative research is available. In this paper we report the results of a quantitative study that tested whether objective and perceived accessibility to parks is disproportionately distributed between the affluent and the poor in Osaka Prefecture, Japan. Perceived accessibility is considered to be a more accurate accessibility measure which reflects the socio-cultural background of people. We find inequities in both accessibility measures, and using multiple logistic regression analysis, we clarified that perceived accessibility is shaped by a range of factors (i.e., income level, objective accessibility to parks, and people's perceptions of traffic accidents, crime, and the level of scenic beauty in the neighboring area). Our results provide some insight into remediation measures for the environmental inequity of perceived accessibility. Simply establishing a new urban park may not sufficiently increase the perceived accessibility of socioeconomically deprived groups. Identifying the underlying mechanisms that could explain how poverty-related factors undermine the perceived park accessibility or improving the quality of neighboring area are also important to ensure the effectiveness of remediation measures."
"AB The consumerism-driven, consumption-based linear economy is leaving a trail of economic, environmental, and societal challenges in its wake. The Circular Economy, a new economic framework, can be combined with the 6R-based elements of sustainable manufacturing in order to relieve these challenges by establishing a closed loop material flow. To realize this ideal state, a total life cycle cost model (TLCCM) is needed to serve as the primary engineering economic model. Therefore, a framework for such a model is presented that aims to aid stakeholders in making decisions regarding all aspects of the product life cycle. It is intended that these stakeholders use this model in order to challenge the status quo of costly ""green""-centric decisions and demand innovation in the overall process in order to realize a net positive total life cycle cost benefit alongside a balanced Triple-Bottom-Line (TBL). To illustrate how the TLCCM can be applied, an application is explored that uses the model to determine post-recovery resource allocation into three closed-loop streams (Recycling, Rernanufacturing, and Reusing). An outlook for future research is then presented."
"AB New technology is altering business strategies and innovation capabilities while increasing the possibilities of production and process innovation. Supply chain collaboration undertaken for the sake of sustainability is currently speeding up this process of change; a growing pool of research is exploring the links between sustainability collaboration and company performance on economic, environmental, and social metrics. It is a good time to review the literature to reveal what has been studied and what are the gaps in the current body of knowledge, and also to comment on what the future research agenda should include. For these purposes, the authors conducted a systematic literature review and a quantitative bibliometric analysis. Results indicate that research about supply chain collaboration for the purpose of sustainability is gaining growing attention in the business field; however, environmental and economic considerations still dominate the research, while there is a lack of consideration about social concerns such as child labor and personal development. In addition, the collaboration partners under investigation have mainly been the company and its customers and suppliers, whereas competitors and other horizontal collaboration partners have received little attention."
"AB A port has traditionally played such a fundamental role as cargo handling within the concept of containerisation and multi-modalism. Today, however, the port is required to become more aligned with global supply chains: that is, integration - more specifically, termed 'port supply chain integration' (PSCI). Increasing scale and volume of sea-based trade results in a situation where the port is blamed as a source of environmental and social externalities - 'port sustainability' (PS) being stemmed from. Existing studies have emphasised the role of PSCI with a few economic facets; due attention has not been given to sustainability aspects. Bearing these issues in mind, this paper attempts to conceptually discuss a claim that PSCI has a potential influence on PS and to propose a so-called 'sustainably integrated port supply chain' by establishing a conceptual framework linked to a series of testable propositions. Using systematic review, this paper delineates the role of supply chain integration in achieving sustainability in ports, and it investigates the conceptual interactions among PSCI and PS constructs and variables in a holistic approach. Propositions to be suggested from this line of exercise can be used as a basis for an empirical test towards establishing a theory applicable to the field."
"AB This article deals with commuting to and from work of workers in Slovakia as a part of traveling and its impact on private life of commuters. It provides a more comprehensive view on the socio-demographic determinants which affect the travel mode choice. Furthermore, the study offers several evaluations of the impact on the subjective well-being of commuters. The aim of the article is to review demographic and economic determinants influencing the travel mode choice and to determine its impact on the subjective well-being of respondents. On a sample of approximately 1000 economically active individuals by using several statistical tests (Nominal Logistic Regression, Fisher's Exact Test, Mann-Whitney Test, Cochran Test, McNemar Test), we identified the determinants affecting the travel mode choice of respondents, including commuting time costs, commuting financial costs, income of respondents, education, gender, type of employment and place of work. This study has also showed that respondents are the most satisfied when commuting by bicycle or on foot and the most dissatisfied when commuting by using public transport. These facts, among others, should be reflected by the creation of sustainable and ""green"" transport infrastructure in Slovakia."
"AB Companies aiming to upgrade their supply chains to meet operational and sustainability objectives are often required to redesign their supply networks. However, there is scarce empirical evidence on how to redesign existing supply chains, especially global supply chains. This longitudinal case study examined the aquaculture supply chain redesign process with the aim of improving market, operational, and sustainability performance. Aquaculture, although characterized as the blue revolution, has received little attention in management studies. Action research collected evidence via informal interviews, participant observation, on-site visits, and secondary data selection. The redesign process included three phases: (i) physical distribution network mapping, risk-uncertainty analysis, and hierarchical goal setting, (ii) implementation of physical network re-design, and (iii) performance monitoring, control, and continuous improvement. The company achieved significant lead time reduction and fast response to the markets while, at the same time, reducing environmental pollution and meeting sustainable targets. The study uncovers that supply chain redesign should not be limited to physical network restructuring but also include facilities value extension and integrated information management. It shows how companies can mitigate different types of risks (supply, production, logistics, demand) via specific supply chain redesign interventions."
"AB In this work, an emission-minimizing vehicle routing problem with heterogeneous vehicles and a heterogeneous road and traffic network is considered as it is typical in urban areas. Depending on the load of the vehicle, there exist multiple emission-minimal arcs for traveling between two locations. To solve the vehicle routing problem efficiently, a column generation approach is presented. At the core of the procedure an emission-oriented elementary shortest path problem on a multigraph is solved by a backward labeling algorithm. It is shown that the labeling algorithm can be sped up by adjusting the dual master program and by restricting the number of labels propagated in the sub-problem. The column generation technique is used to setup a fast heuristic as well as a branch-and-price algorithm. Both procedures are evaluated based on test instances with up to 100 customers. It turns out that the heuristic approach is very effective and generates near-optimal solutions with gaps below 0.1% on average while only requiring a fraction of the runtime of the exact approach. (C) 2020 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB Risk management in supply chains has emerged as one of the most attractive research topics in the supply chain management field. However, much more is still needed towards hedging against environmental risks. The recent environmental scandals and accidents bring to light the negligence of the environmental issues by supply chains. The present study analyses both external and internal factors of environmental risk and their impact on supply chain management, as well as the mitigation strategies through the literature study. Thus, by conducting a systematic literature review and after analysing 767 abstracts and 70 full papers, we identify fourteen environmental risks, three main consequences and nineteen strategies to manage these risks. As a result, we develop an Environmental Supply Chain Risk Management taxonomy, which covers the existing body of knowledge on the topic. Moreover, a framework is also proposed to synthesise and relate the environmental risks, consequences and strategies covered by the academic research. Finally, we provide a research agenda to support future works on environmental supply chain risk management, building foundations towards the formalisation and improvement of the field. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB This paper develops a quantitative tool for the assessment of sustainability at the company's level, taking into account its three key perspectives, i.e., economic, environmental and social. The proposed framework is grounded on fuzzy logic and in particular on a monotonic hierarchical fuzzy inference tool, as an effective means to gather the judgements and scores against the key performance indicators (KPIs) of each sustainability perspective into an aggregated index. In developing the fuzzy inference tool, we also solve some typical issues related to the assessment of sustainability, e.g., the identification of benchmark values to rate the company's performance against each sustainability KPI. The architecture of the fuzzy inference tool was embodied in an ad hoc software developed in Microsoft ExcelTM (Microsoft Corporation, Albuquerque, NM, USA), which makes it easy to use the proposed framework in practical situations. The potential of the software tool developed is illustrated by means of a case study, targeting a food machinery company, for which the overall evaluation of sustainability is carried out."
"AB The importance of sea ports in the global logistics maritime supply chain and it connectivity is increasing, as is the focus on optimizing daily operational activities and minimizing the negative impact on society. One of the most significant negative externalities for sea ports is air pollution that remain one the main concern and environmental priority for Port Authorities and Government and their strategic policies. The growth of containerization in the shipping industry stimulates the demand for infrastructure development and increased energy use. This paper strives to propose the best alternative sources of energy to transit from traditional fuel to the greener ones for two important container terminals in Italy. The analyses focus on energy consumption of the most important container terminals Voltri and La Spezia in Italy and analysed using alternative sources of energy. Based on the priorities chosen by twelve experts, the cost, societal and environmental criteria are assigned the highest weight respectively. The Fuzzy Analytic Hierarchy Process (FAHP) and the Technique for Order Performance by Similarity to Ideal Solution (TOPSIS) techniques are used, to identify the best alternative sources of energy."
"AB This study investigated the Word Memory Test (WMT) Free Recall (FR) subtest as a conventional memory measure. Nineteen participants with pharmacoresistant left temporal lobe epilepsy (LTLE) and 16 with right temporal lobe epilepsy (RTLE) completed the WMT, Rey Auditory Verbal Learning Test (RAVLT), and Wechsler Memory Scale-Fourth Edition Logical Memory (LM) subtest during presurgical evaluation. LTLE participants performed significantly worse on FR subtest (p < .05, eta(2)(p) = 0.17) and RAVLT Trial 7 (p < .01, eta(2)(p) = 0.25), but not on LM subtest. Age was a significant covariate for FR (p < .01, eta(2)(p) = 0.22). Logistic regression revealed FR plus age and RAVLT age-adjusted T-scores both yielded 77.1% classification accuracy and respective diagnostic odds ratios of 11.36 and 11.84. Receiver operating characteristic curves to classify seizure laterality found that RAVLT and FR were significant (area under the curve [AUC] = 0.82 and 0.74), whereas LM was nonsignificant (AUC = 0.67). Cut scores and positive/negative predictive values were established for improved clinical classification."
"AB In this paper, we propose the Electric Vehicle Routing Problem with Time Windows and Mixed Fleet (E-VRPTWMF) to optimize the routing of a mixed fleet of electric commercial vehicles (ECVs) and conventional internal combustion commercial vehicles (ICCVs). Contrary to existing routing models for ECVs, which assume energy consumption to be a linear function of traveled distance, we utilize a realistic energy consumption model that incorporates speed, gradient and cargo load distribution. This is highly relevant in the context of ECVs because energy consumption determines the maximal driving range of ECVs and the recharging times at stations. To address the problem, we develop an Adaptive Large Neighborhood Search algorithm that is enhanced by a local search for intensification. In numerical studies on newly designed E-VRPTWMF test instances, we investigate the effect of considering the actual load distribution on the structure and quality of the generated solutions. Moreover, we study the influence of different objective functions on solution attributes and on the contribution of ECVs to the overall routing costs. Finally, we demonstrate the performance of the developed algorithm on benchmark instances of the related problems VRPTW and E-VRPTW. (C) 2015 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB Supply chain sustainability (SCS) in the age of Industry 4.0 and Big Data is a growing area of research. However, there are no systematic and extensive studies that classify the different types of research and examine the general trends in this area of research. This paper reviews the literature on sustainability, Big Data, Industry 4.0 and supply chain management published since 2009 and provides a thorough insight into the field by using bibliometric and network analysis techniques. A total of 87 articles published in the past 10 years were evaluated and the top contributing authors, countries, and key research topics were identified. Furthermore, the most influential works based on citations and PageRank were obtained and compared. Finally, six research categories were proposed in which scholars could be encouraged to expand Big Data and Industry 4.0 research on SCS. This paper contributes to the literature on SCS in the age of Industry 4.0 by discussing the challenges facing current research but also, more importantly, by identifying and proposing these six research categories and future research directions."
"AB Offshore oil and gas installations need reliable cargo deliveries. The vessels supplying these installations on a periodic basis are expensive and constitute a source of emissions of greenhouse gases. Incorporating vessel speed optimization into the supply vessel planning process may significantly reduce fuel consumption and hence emissions. In addition, speed optimization may yield cost reductions if the number of vessels used does not increase. A main uncertainty factor, especially in the winter season, is the weather conditions which impact sailing and service times. Cost minimization and the application of speed optimization strategies may have implications on the robustness of weekly supply vessel schedules since idle times in the schedules are reduced. We develop a simulation-optimization based methodology that considers costs, emissions and robustness in the generation of weekly supply vessel schedules. Results of analyses conducted on real instances show that robustness requirements may yield both increased emissions and costs in the winter season. However, depending on instance characteristics, different degrees of robustness can be incorporated with both costs and emissions reductions through speed optimization. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB This study contributes to the closed-loop supply chain (CLSC) literature by investigating: (a) a new function for supply of used products based on the service competition between two dealers and (b) manufacturer's economic incentives to the dealers so as to persuade them to return the collected products. In order to achieve the optimal values of CLSC members' decisions on pricing, economic incentives, and the level of customer service, both traditional and centralized decision-making structures are investigated. Eventually, a new expense-sharing contract is developed to achieve coordination in the proposed CLSC. Results of implementing the proposed model indicate that coordinating a CLSC under a competitive situation significantly improves the economic performance of the whole CLSC. Moreover, the expense-sharing contract is beneficial for the proposed CLSC from social viewpoint, since the dealers can provide better qualified services and more customers will be satisfied. Consequently, more used products are returned to the manufacturer, which in turn improves the environmental performance of the investigated CLSC. (C) 2020 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
AB Objective. To quantify the association between heat and infant mortality and identify factors that influence infant vulnerability to heat.
"AB One of the rapidly developing areas in human genetics and genomics is detection of candidate Single Nucleotide Polymorphism (SNPs) for human complex traits. These findings can be used in the field of forensics for predicting the externally visible characteristics (EVCs) of a given individual based on a sample of DNA alone. Eye colour is currently the most thoroughly investigated EVC for forensic genetic applications. In this study, eye colour prediction performance of two currently available major methods was assessed in a set of 100 individuals from Turkey by applying the two statistical approaches of multinomial logistic regression (MLR) and Bayes analysis using each statistical approach's online portal ( and ) designed for SNP-based forensic prediction for this phenotype. On one hand, eye colour prediction results for IrisPlex SNPs have a high success rate for correctly predicting blue/brown phenotypes but not for green-hazel or intermediate dark phenotypes. On the other hand, Snipper analysis improved detection of intermediate phenotypes but increased the number of unclassified individuals given the prediction probability threshold applied. This study adds data that can be used as a reference for future eye colour prediction investigations in forensic cases."
"AB Open loading-unloading mode of refined oil shipment will cause oil gas to escape, which not only refers to the environmental pollution but also economic losses. Therefore, closed mode with oil-gas recovery has attracted more attention. In this paper, oil-gas recovery is taken into account from an environmental perspective, incorporated into green vehicle routing problem (GVRP) in refined oil distribution. The main problem involves: I) depict the relationship between costs and benefits of oil-gas recovery, calculate the optimal rate of oil-gas recovery; II) compare the effect on loading-unloading speed in different modes, and confirm the adjusted impact on delivery time. Then, a multi-objective model for GVRP is built, and a NSGA-III algorithm with three layers coding is designed to solve the proposed problem. Finally, the numerical results show that NSGA-III algorithm performs better than others; oil-gas recovery efficiency will be higher with high environmental temperature. In addition, oil-gas recovery can also save delivery time, and the effect of joint optimization in refined oil distribution with oil-gas recovery is better than that of independent optimization."
"AB This study aims to identify age-friendly community features that are associated with better health for older adults. This cross-sectional study utilized the 2015 AARP Age-Friendly Communities (AFC) Survey, which includes 66 home and community features that fall within the eight domains specified by the World Health Organization (WHO)'s age-friendly cities guidelines. Two measures of health (self-rated health and functional limitations) were examined using multi-level linear and logistic regressions. Both a greater perceived availability of age-friendly features in communities and a good person-environment fit were associated with better self-rated health and a lower likelihood of reporting functional limitations. The domains of outdoor spaces and buildings, transportation, and social participation and inclusion were consistently associated with these outcomes. Promoting age-friendliness in outdoor spaces and buildings, transportation, and social participation and inclusion domains by providing green spaces, neighborhood safety programs, transportation options, and social opportunities may be the most effective way to support healthy and active aging."
"AB The objective of this study was to identify adherence to antihypertensive drug therapy and to associate it with sociodemographic and lifestyle factors. Adherence was determined by the Morisky-Green test and the pacient's perception of their lifestyle by the Fantastic Lifestyle questionnaire. The questionnaires were applied to 401 hypertensive patients from the 29 Basic Health Units (BHU) of Maringa, Parana. The association of adherence to therapy with sociodemographic variables and perception of lifestyle was determined by logistic regression. The prevalence of adherence to antihypertensive therapy was 37.7%. The rates of adherence to therapy were lower for single (p=0.0284*), overweight (p=0.0039*) and obese (p=0.0110*) patients, and for those with BHU return rates greater than six months (p=0.0408*). For females (p=0.0032*) and those who perceived they had a good lifestyle (p=0.035*), the rates of adherence to antihypertensive therapy were higher. The results indicate the importance of biopsychosocial determinants, which should be considered when planning policies, strategies and actions to improve adherence to antihypertensive drug therapies at the local level, and which could also be expanded to regional and national levels."
"AB The resource wastage in supply chains may be reduced by proper supply chain integration (SCI). SCI may be able to provide the additional means in assuring economic growth while protecting the environment. The hauliers provide the primary linkage between shippers and consignees and logistics service providers in the inland container supply chain. This empirical investigation aims to ascertain the supply environment factors and information system which affect SCI and whether SCI affect operational and environmental performance. Data collected from 110 haulier companies were analysed using partial least squares, structural equation modeling (PLS-SEM) methodology. Supply environment which represents transaction attributes affects SCI which in turn positively affects operational and environmental performance. Information system reduces information asymmetry between transacting organizations and by this, moderate the effect of supply environment on SCI. Results provide evidence that SCI is dependent on the context of the supply environment. Opportunistic behavior due to information asymmetry could also be curtailed by proper information system. Therefore, practitioners and stakeholders need to align SCI to the context of supply environment to reap the maximum benefit of SCI. Concurrently, opportunistic behavior needs to be curtailed in supply chain to improve operational and environmental performance."
"AB This paper proposes a novel hybrid BSC-DEA framework for performance evaluation in sustainable supply chains. The proposed DEA model is capable of dealing with both qualitative and quantitative indicators while accounting for desirable and undesirable indicators. A tailored network DEA model involving a set of comprehensive sustainability indicators is applied to rank different supply chains from sustainability viewpoint to find the efficient and benchmarked units at each echelon. Then, sustainability indicators are classified into four groups according to BSC perspectives to help policy makers and top managers to have a more comprehensive and thorough understanding of the sustainability with respect to the long- and short term strategies. Finally, a number of sensitivity analyses are performed to identify the effective factors and strengths and weaknesses of each supply chain are identified based on BSC perspectives. To demonstrate the capabilities of the proposed approach, this framework is implemented for performance evaluation of plastic recycling companies in Mazandaran and Golestan provinces of Iran and some helpful managerial insights are derived from the numerical results. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB In recent years, regarding the issues such as lack of natural resources, government laws, environmental concerns and social responsibility reverse and closed-loop supply chains has been in the center of attention of researchers and decision-makers. Then, in this paper, a multi-objective multi-product multi-period mathematical model is presented in the sustainable closed-loop supply chain to locate distribution, collection, recycling, and disposal centers, considering the risk criterion. Conditional value at risk is used as the criterion of risk evaluation. The objectives of this research are to minimize the costs of the chain, reducing the adverse environmental effects and social responsibility in order to maximize job opportunities. Uncertainty in demand and demand-dependent parameters are modeled and determined by the fuzzy inference system. The proposed model has been solved using multi objective particle swarm optimization algorithm (MOPSO) approach and the results have been compared with Epsilon constraint method. Sensitivity analysis was performed on the problem parameters and the efficiency of the studied methods was investigated."
"AB Nowadays, most organizations consider adoption of sustainable practices as not only a competitive advantage but also a necessity for long-term survival. It is, therefore, imperative that we include sustainability in measuring the supply chain performance of a firm. However, very few studies have investigated the impact of sustainability on supply chain performance. This paper presents a unique approach for calculating a supply chain performance index, which could be used by automobile firms. Based on literature review and expert opinion, we first identified the supply chain functions that influence sustainability and supply chain performance. Subsequently, a questionnaire was designed, and a survey of Indian automobile firms was conducted. The partial least squares technique was used to explore the relationship between the identified factors and supply chain performance. Moreover, an integrated model combining the partial least squares and analytic hierarchy process was developed to compute the supply chain performance index. We further found that sustainability performance mediates the relationships of supply chain functions to supply chain performance. Finally, implications to theory and practice are discussed, especially for emerging economies."
"AB This study proposes the use of cradle-to-cradle production programming for waste furniture and aims to achieve optimal efficiency by reusing waste furniture and maximizing the corresponding benefits so that the furniture industry is in line with cradle-to-cradle manufacturing. This study is increasingly important to manage products through a comprehensive green reverse logistics system that consists of three procedures, i.e., recycling, reuse, and remanufacturing of waste items. This study proposes a mathematical formula to establish a cradle-to-cradle production programming model for waste furniture. The fuzzy set theory is used to define the attributes that reflect production and market demands such as degree of damage, technical feasibility, market demands, environmental protection laws and regulations, and environmental performance. In addition, particle swarm optimization is adopted to ascertain the optimal profit from waste furniture sales. Through situational simulations and analyses, the fuzzy set information from Taiwan, Germany, and China is compared. The result reveals that the qualitative information proposed has a significant impact on the profit of waste furniture reuse. The production model can effectively assist in the production programming of waste furniture, thereby optimizing profit for cradle-to-cradle production planning."
"AB Cities are constantly transforming and, consequently, attracting efforts from researchers and opportunities to the industry. New transportation systems are being built in order to meet sustainability and efficiency criteria, as well as being adapted to the current possibilities. Moreover, citizens are becoming aware about the power and possibilities provided by the current generation of autonomous devices. In this sense, this paper presents and discusses state-of-the-art transportation technologies and systems, highlighting the advances that the concepts of Internet of Things and Value are providing. Decentralized technologies, such as blockchain, are been extensively investigated by the industry, however, its widespread adoption in cities is still desirable. Aligned with operations research opportunities, this paper identifies different points in which cities' services could move to. This also study comments about different combinatorial optimization problems that might be useful and important for an efficient evolution of our cities. By considering different perspectives, didactic examples are presented with a main focus on motivating decision makers to balance citizens, investors and industry goals and wishes."
"AB Quadruple left-turn lanes are employed gradually at some major intersections in Jilin, China. At these intersections, frequent lane changes during left turns of vehicles can lead to vastly disordered traffic operations. In this study, the factors contributing to lane changes during left turn behaviors at quadruple left-turn lane intersections were interpreted based on a field survey. In total, data on 192 green intervals and 550 individual lane-change behaviors were collected in Changchun, Jilin Province. A lane-changing rate model was established to predict the rate of lane changes during left turns. In addition, an interval selection model was built to estimate the probability of lane changes during left turn (from inside to outside only) for an individual vehicle using logistic regression. The two models provide insights to assess the traffic conditions of quadruple left-turn lane at intersections. The results of this study suggest that weaving distance, initial lane, traffic flow rate, and percentage of large vehicles significantly contribute to lane changes during left turn. Based on the identified factors, safety countermeasures to reduce lane changes during left turn behaviors are proposed."
"AB The conceptual model on motivations to adopt sustainable innovations (Noppers et al., 2014) proved to be successful in explaining proxies of the adoption of sustainable innovations: positive evaluations of the utility (instrumental attributes), environmental impact (environmental attributes), and specifically the extent to which the innovation says something about a person (symbolic attributes) increased interest in and intention to adopt sustainable innovations. In this paper, we examined to what extent the evaluations of these three attributes can also explain the actual adoption of smart energy systems that facilitate sustainable energy use. Results showed that adopters of smart energy systems (who agreed to participate in a project in which these systems were tested) evaluated the symbolic attributes of these systems more positively than non-adopters (who did not participate in this project), while both groups did not differ in their evaluation of the instrumental and environmental attributes of smart energy systems. A logistic regression analysis indicated that only evaluations of the symbolic attributes explained actual adoption of smart energy systems. Policy could stress and enhance the symbolic attributes of sustainable innovations to encourage adoption. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB In the literature, extensive researches have been done regarding the remanufacturing in closed-loop supply chains (CLSCs) and energy-saving efforts in the forward logistics. However, despite the importance of energy-saving effort in the remanufacturing process, its relevancy in the context of CLSCs has not been investigated. This study extends the previous literature on CLSCs with remanufacturing into the CLSCs with simultaneous effects of remanufacturing and energy-saving efforts on environmental sustainability. This study investigates a CLSC including one (re-)manufacturer investing in remanufacturing and energy-saving efforts, two retailers competing on selling items, and two collectors competing on collecting used items. Utilizing channel coordination and game theory approaches, we analyze how competitive sales prices and collection rates are influenced by the remanufacturing and energy-saving efforts. This study sheds new light on the CLSC management and provides theoretical and practical insights into the way managers of CLSC utilize to promote both environmental and economic sustainability. Our findings illuminate the importance of remanufacturing and energy-saving efforts in the collection process."
"AB Purpose - Building on the natural resource-based view, this paper aims to explore the effects of technological protectability and proactiveness on new ventures' environmental performance."
"AB This study contributes to the construction of sustainable supply chain capabilities in the textile industry. Previous studies are lacking with regard to sustainable supply chain capabilities: specifically, there are hierarchical structures and measures in qualitative information and quantitative data in nature. In addition, previous studies do not integrate social media with qualitative information and quantitative data, even though social media is an important reference for decision-making. Hence, this study applied the fuzzy synthetic evaluation and decision-making trial evaluation laboratory to address linguistic preferences and provide a strategic approach for the proposed attributes. The results present the integration of qualitative information and quantitative data for building a hierarchical structure with sustainable supply chain capabilities and indicate that social, dynamic and information capabilities are simultaneously strongly affected. The top seven criteria that most influence sustainable supply chain capabilities are outbound logistics flexibility, supply chain reconceptualization, information quality, coevolution, market-oriented perception, partner development and knowledge acquisition and absorptive capacity. The theoretical and managerial implications are discussed. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Objective Despite efforts to increase physical activity through new green space infrastructure such as trails, disparities in physical activity may persist. The current study compared observed vigorous physical activity (VPA) engagement among White and Latinx men and women on a new urban trail, and whether engagement varied over time. Design, sample, and measures We used a modified System for Observing Play and Recreation in Communities (SOPARC) methodology to determine observed race/ethnicity, gender, and physical activity level of trail users (n = 15,109). Results Logistic regression analyses revealed the odds of engaging in VPA were lower for Latina women than all other population subgroups (vs. White men: OR 0.19, CI 0.17-0.22; vs. White women: OR 0.48, CI 0.42-0.54, vs. Latino men: OR 0.23, CI 0.19-0.26). VPA engagement by White and Latina women increased across the study years (OR 1.31, CI 1.17-1.46; OR 1.36, CI 1.08-1.71, respectively) but did not differ significantly by year for White and Latino men. Conclusion Future efforts to address racial/ethnic-gender disparities in VPA should take an intersectional approach to ensure that the needs of the most vulnerable population subgroups are properly accounted for."
"AB Most routing decisions assume that routing costs are modelled as a weighted sum of total distance and time traveled by delivery vehicles. However, this assumption does not apply for logistics operations in cities with significant road grades. We study an extension to the VRP model that plans vehicle routes considering the combined impact of detailed road grade information and vehicle load-weight in fuel consumption cost. We refer to this model as the VRP with Steep Roads (VRP-SR), which is formulated as an integer linear program and solved heuristically. In simulated experiments performed for a mountainous metropolitan region in Chile, we estimate operating cost reductions up to 12.4% when compared to the real cost of a plan disregarding road grade information. In addition, we obtain valuable managerial insights from our routing plans; our planned routes tend to initially use roads with relatively small grades to avoid abrupt altitude changes with a loaded vehicle. Higher altitude changes are planned after the vehicle unloads a significant fraction of its cargo. Also, we identify instances in which it is cheaper to insert an intermediate depot visit to drop off weight and split a feasible route in two subroutes to travel over mountainous areas with a lighter vehicle."
"AB Previous research has shown that the built environment plays a crucial role for health-related quality of life (HRQoL) and health care utilization. But, there is limited evidence on the independence of this association from lifestyle and social environment. The objective of this cross-sectional study was to investigate these associations, independent of the social environment, physical activity and body mass index (BMI). We used data from the third follow-up of the Swiss study on Air Pollution and Lung and Heart diseases In Adults (SAPALDIA), a population based cohort with associated biobank. Covariate adjusted multiple quantile and polytomous logistic regressions were performed to test associations of variables describing the perceived built environment with HRQoL and health care utilization. Higher HRQoL and less health care utilization were associated with less reported transportation noise annoyance. Higher HRQoL was also associated with greater satisfaction with the living environment and more perceived access to greenspaces. These results were independent of the social environment (living alone and social engagement) and lifestyle (physical activity level and BMI). This study provides further evidence that the built environment should be designed to integrate living and green spaces but separate living and traffic spaces in order to improve health and wellbeing and potentially save health care costs."
"AB This article deals with the bi-objective pollution-routing problem (bPRP), a vehicle routing variant that arises in the context of green logistics. The two conflicting objectives considered are the minimization of the CO2 emissions and the costs related to driver's wages. A multi-objective approach based on the two-phase Pareto local search heuristic is employed to generate a good approximation of the Pareto front. During the first phase of the method, a first set of potentially efficient solutions is obtained by solving a series of weighted sum problems with an efficient heuristic originally developed to solve the single-objective PRP. A dichotomous scheme is used to generate the different weight sets in an automatic way. In the second phase, the set is improved with an efficient Pareto local search (PLS) procedure. The use of PLS allows to limit the number of computational demanding weighted sum problems solved in the first phase, while keeping high-quality results. Extensive computational experiments over existing benchmark instances show that the proposed approach leads to better results in less CPU time when compared to those obtained by state-of-the-art methods."
AB Packaging and more specifically environmentally friendly packaging has received considerable attention over the years. This paper seeks to provide an investigation into the issue of overpackaging regarding the outer paper packaging box and the various implications coming from the use of overpackaging in a company's operations.
"AB Current research about crowdsourcing covers industries like food systems or logistics, leaving out the possible impact of crowdsourcing on sustainable retail. The debate about the sustainable impact of different industries is ongoing, especially discussing the adaption to the Sustainable Development Goals of the United Nations critically. This paper examines the influence of crowdsourcing on the sustainable aspects of retailing by applying a theoretical derivation as well as an empirical observation. After theoretically discussing the linkage between crowdfunding as a crowdsourcing category and sustainable retail utilizing a literature review, a theoretical framework employing the grounded theory approach is constructed. A total of 24 crowdfunding campaigns aiming at the market introduction of new products or services, each worth over 5 million USD funding volume and run on international crowdfunding platforms, have been taken into consideration. The outcome of the analysis is a theoretical framework presenting three different categories, in which successful crowdfunding campaigns impacting sustainable retail excel: sustainable economic behavior, sustainable community management and sustainable market adaptation. The derived model contributes to the theoretical discussion about the impact of crowdfunding and assists practitioners in reflecting about their approach and goal setting prior to and while crowdfunding."
"AB Objective The present study aimed to examine the behavioral and dietary risk factors of recurrent urinary tract infection (RUTI) in postmenopausal patients in China. Methods We performed a population-based case-control study with 193 postmenopausal women with RUTI and 193 age-matched healthy female controls with no history of RUTI. The study was conducted between January 2016 and June 2018 in Changzhou, China. Data were collected using an interviewer-based questionnaire, including information on demographics, lifestyle behavior, and habitual diet. Conditional logistic regression analysis was conducted to examine the risk factors associated with RUTI. Results Wiping from back to front after toilet use, sedentary behavior >6 hours/day, delayed voiding, and chronic constipation were associated with an increased risk of RUTI. Drinking more than three cups of green tea per month showed an inverse association with RUTI. However, there was no evidence of dose dependency for overall consumption. Additionally, the three-cup association involved a small proportion of cases and may reflect statistical artifact. Conclusions Wiping from back to front after toilet use, sedentary behavior, delayed voiding, and chronic constipation are associated with an increased risk of RUTI in postmenopausal women."
"AB Phenology plays an important role in revealing the spatiotemporal evolution of forest ecosystem carbon cycles. The accuracy of vegetation phenology estimates based on remote sensing has improved in temperate zones. However, subtropical vegetation is complex, and the corresponding phenology estimates using remote sensing face great challenges. Bamboo forests are subtropical unique forest types and exhibit on- and off-years, fast growth, high productivity and carbon sequestration capability. In this study, we propose a new method to improve phenology estimates of bamboo forests by coupling the particle filter (PF) assimilation algorithm and a logistic model. The phenological metrics are estimated using high-precision leaf area index (LAI) assimilation products and a logistic model from 2001 to 2018, and the results are compared to those extracted from Moderate-Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer (MODIS) LAI and the enhanced vegetation index (EVI) calculated based on the MODIS reflectance data. The results reveal that the R-2 values between the start of the growing season (SOS) and end of the growing season (EOS) estimated by the assimilated LAI and ground-observed values are the highest (>0.50) and the root mean square errors (RMSEs) are the smallest (<6.35 days). A negative correlation occurs between the EVI-simulated and ground-observed SOS and EOS values, which indicates that EVI products cannot be adopted to estimate the phenology of bamboo forests. Compared to the MODIS LAI, the R2 values of the predicted SOS and EOS by the assimilated LAI data are improved by 3.67 times and 12.50%, respectively, and the RMSEs are reduced by 58.91% and 41.13%, respectively. Therefore, the new method solves the problem whereby the phenology of subtropical bamboo forests cannot be accurately extracted from MODIS LAI and EVI products. The temporal and spatial patterns of the SOS and EOS of bamboo forests are estimated with the new method from 2001 to 2018, and the SOS exhibits obvious spatial heterogeneity during on- and off-years, and the SOS during the on-years occurs slightly earlier than that during the off-years. A total of 70.13% of all pixels exhibit a SOS advance trend, while more than half of the areas (58.42%) present an EOS delay trend. The results indicate that coupling the data assimilation algorithm and phenology method greatly improves the estimation precision and reduces the estimation errors of the SOS and EOS of bamboo forests."
"AB Autumn leaf phenology and its color brightness provide valuable information for managing forest carbon cycles and cultural ecosystem services. Digital repeat photography has provided standard phenological data, but the methodologies for detecting autumn leaf coloring have various strengths and weaknesses. We assessed the accuracy, sensitivity, and uncertainty of various model and color index combinations for detecting autumn leaf coloring. Then we identified the most robust and sensitive methods, using digital repeat photography data from Japanese alpine vegetation. For determining autumn leaf color duration, quadratic or multinomial discriminant analysis using RGB digital numbers had the highest accuracy (hit ratio > 0.7). For determining the peak day of autumn leaf color and its color brightness, we compared uncertainty of methodologies by randomly resampling 80% of the data 20 times to mimic observation errors (e.g., due to heavy rain). The spline-fitted red/green reflectance ratio (RGR) and visible atmospherically resistant index (VARI) proved robust for detecting the peak day (median SD = 1.25). Uncertainty of color brightness was also low when using VARI fitted by a double logistic model for both red and yellow leaves (median coefficient of variation = 1.03). These two indexes are stable despite atmospheric effects, which may result in robustness to daily variation in conditions (e.g., fog). We compared sensitivity of leaf color brightness: RGR and excess red (ExR) fitted by a double logistic model had the highest sensitivity to red and yellow leaves exceeding the average of other combinations by 26% and 88% in median values, respectively. The small denominator or lack of a denominator of these indexes increases the sensitivity to red or yellow. Our results demonstrate the averaged accuracy, sensitivity, and robustness of each methodology among our research sites with different camera observations. These methods should help in utilizing hidden big data from web cameras or past photos that were not intended for scientific research to properly assess autumn leaf phenology and its color brightness."
"AB BackgroundRecently, posthepatectomy complications have been predicted by advances of new liver functional parameters, and the technetium-99m-galactosyl human serum albumin (GSA) liver scintigraphy has been applied widely for this purpose. We evaluated the clinical significance of the regional maximal removal rate (GSA-R-max) in patients with various liver diseases as predictors of posthepatectomy complications.Patients and methodsBetween 2012 and March 2016, we examined 200 patients who underwent hepatectomy for liver and biliary diseases. The patients' background liver conditions included chronic viral liver diseases in 147 patients, normal liver in 44 patients, and others in nine patients. Hepatectomy-related postoperative complications (i.e. long-term ascites, intra-abdominal infection, and hepatic failure) occurred in 69 (35%) patients. A multivariate logistic analysis was carried out to detect the predictive parameters for complications.ResultsThe median and mean preoperative GSA-R-max was 0.420 and 0.4480.148mg/min, respectively. The GSA-Rmax was significantly correlated with liver functional parameters of ICGR15, LHL15, HH15, platelet count, prothrombin activity, and serum hyaluronic acid level (P<0.01), and was significantly correlated with postoperative total bilirubin level and C-reactive protein level (P<0.05). With respect to patient outcomes, GSA-R-max was significantly lower in patients with long-term ascites (P<0.05). The predictive cutoff value for posthepatectomy long-term ascites for GSA-R-max was 0.421mg/min. However, the multivariate logistic regression analysis identified that a higher serum hyaluronic acid level and a lower platelet count were significant, independent factors, but not lower GSA-R-max.ConclusionGSA-R-max is one of the liver functional parameters and is a complementary parameter to predict postoperative hyperbilirubinemia, inflammatory responses, and ascites when Tc-99m-GSA scintigraphy is performed."
"AB Agriculture is the mainstay of Pakistan's economy. However, it has been noticed that farmers are increasingly giving up agriculture in favor of non-agricultural activities. This study was conducted in the Khairpur district of Sindh province, which is part of the Indus Plains in Pakistan. The main purpose of the study was to investigate the current and future land use change (LUC) trends and to study farmers' perceptions of the causes and consequences of LUC and agricultural land abandonment (ALA) in the study area. The study used field survey data and secondary data obtained from the government sources. The results show that agricultural land in the region has decreased by about 9% in the past two decades. Survey data analysis confirms this because more than 80% of farmers believe that agricultural land in the area has declined over time. In addition, farmers believe that socioeconomic and environmental changes are the main reasons for LUC and ALA. We used a logistic regression model to determine the factors that influence farmers' decisions to sell agricultural land for other uses. The results show that the age, income, land ownership, farm inheritance by successors, social networks and lack of basic facilities in the study area are the main determinants of farmers' decisions to sell agricultural lands. In particular, farmers' integration into the social network and their belief that the farm will be inherited by heirs reduces the possibility of selling land. As for the consequences of LUC and ALA, the results indicate that farmland prices, weeds infestation, urban diffusion, and pressure on existing infrastructure have increased in the study area. In addition, the results show that the prospects of farming in the area remain grim as most farmers indicated that they were willing to abandon agricultural lands in favor of other revenue generation activities. The study suggests that policymakers should pay close attention to controlling rapid LUC and ALA to keep lands green."
"AB The European Union has adopted very ambitious climate and energy goals for the coming years. The key prerequisite to successfully achieve these goals seems to be extensive support and adequate commitment of the member states and their citizens to the implementation of the clean energy transition and climate neutrality measures. Therefore, this study presents a comprehensive analysis aiming to identify the factors determining the EU citizens' attitudes towards the European Energy Union priorities. The analysis was based on representative data obtained from residents of twenty-seven EU countries using a Eurobarometer survey. The collected data were subjected to a comparative analysis and binary logistic regression. The research results demonstrated that the support for specific energy policy priorities varies significantly depending on different perceptions of the EU citizens and was affected by a number of demographic variables. It was indicated that perceiving the environment, climate and energy as the most important issues from the perspective of an individual, a country and the EU significantly affects attitudes towards energy policy priorities. However, this mostly concerned the awareness of the importance of these issues at the EU level. Individuals who supported a common energy policy among the EU member states were more likely to point to green energy priorities, whereas guaranteeing low energy prices for companies and consumers seemed less important for them. It was remarkable that the reduction of energy consumption was indicated as an energy policy priority by respondents expecting both more and less decision-making at the European level in the field of environmental protection. People with a right-wing orientation were the most likely to support the competitiveness of the EU's industry, while individuals with a leftist ideology showed the strongest tendency to opt for environmental protection. Furthermore, gender, occupation and the place and country of residence emerged as very important determinants of attitudes towards the European Energy Union priorities, whereas age and the educational level were predictors in very few cases only."
"AB About half of Ethiopians belong to the Orthodox Tewahedo religion. Annually, more than 200 days are dedicated to religious fasting, which includes abstaining from all types of food, animal source foods, and water. However, the association of fasting with undernutrition remains unknown in Ethiopia. Therefore, dietary pattern and nutritional status of lactating women during lent fasting and non-fasting periods were studied, and predictor variables for maternal underweight were identified. To achieve this, lactating mothers in lent fasting (N = 572) and non-fasting (N = 522) periods participated from rural Tigray, Northern Ethiopia. Average minimum diet diversity (MDD-W) was computed from two 24-h recalls, and nutritional status was assessed using body mass index (BMI). Binary logistic regression was used to identify potential predictors of maternal underweight. Wilcoxon signed-rank (WSRT) and McNemar's tests were used for comparison of the two periods. The prevalence of underweight in fasting mothers was 50.6%. In the multivariate logistic regression model, younger age, sickness in the last four weeks preceding the survey, fasting during pregnancy, lactation periods, grandfathers' as household decision makers, previous aid experience, non-improved water source, and not owning chicken were positively associated with maternal underweight. In WSRT, there was no significant (p > 0.05) difference on maternal body weight and BMI between periods. The average number of meals, diet diversity, and animal source foods (ASFs), consumption scores were significantly increased in non-fasting compared to fasting periods in both fasting and non-fasting mothers (p < 0.001, p < 0.05, and p < 0.001, respectively). Consumption of dark green leafy vegetables was higher in the fasting period (11%) than non-fasting (3.6%), in the study population. As a conclusion, Ethiopian Orthodox fasting negatively affected maternal nutritional status and dietary pattern in rural Tigray, Northern Ethiopia. To reduce maternal malnutrition in Ethiopia, existing multi-sectoral nutrition intervention strategies, should include religious institutions in a sustainable manner."
"AB Agricultural production in arid and semi-arid regions is threatened by increased droughts (climate change) and groundwater depletion. Farmers increasingly must weigh the short-term economic gains from irrigation against the long-term aquifer longevity needs. Risk-based deficit irrigation is proposed to tackle this trade-off. A tiered risk assessment approach is developed to evaluate crop yield loss risks as a function of crop water supply (CWS) from irrigation and precipitation. Risk is defined as the probability of obtaining a crop yield below a pre-specified threshold. Logistic regression is used to quantify risks as a function of CWS, if the producer can specify a fixed minimum yield threshold. Distribution regression is used to develop the cumulative distribution function of the crop yield assuming heterogeneous model parameter and is useful when the producer can estimate CWS but cannot specify a minimum yield threshold. Finally, the CWS is also modeled as a stochastic variable and the crop yield risk conditioned on CWS risk is computed using the Kolmogorov axiom. The methodology is illustrated using a cotton production case-study in the Southern High Plains of Texas. Logistic regression indicated that crop yield risk was a nonlinear function of CWS. CWS corresponding to similar to 80 % of the total crop water demand was enough to reach negligible crop yield risks. Heterogeneous cotton yield distribution was modeled using Box-Cox-Cole-Green function with location and scale parameters being nonlinear and linear functions of CWS respectively and a stationary shape parameter. Irrigation at lower CWS reduced the risks substantially but the risk reductions were marginal at higher CWS. The conditional distribution of crop yield risk indicated that CWS corresponding to similar to 80 %-85 % of crop water demand was enough to bring down risks. The tiered risk assessment provides a rational risk-based approach to evaluate the impacts of crop water supply reductions and promote deficit irrigation practices."
"AB The increasing of global warming and depletion of natural resources has become a concern for society, government and industry. There is a growing importance on recovery of used materials and products amongst industry players. The Malaysian government has conducted many green campaigns and provided incentives for some green practices; however, the adoption of product return and recovery management is still low amongst automotive manufacturers. Therefore, it is important to understand the obstacles towards product return adoption so that the countermeasures can be thought of to overcome this situation. The objective of this paper is to investigate the barriers of product return management amongst automotive manufacturing firms in Malaysia. A total of 228 automotive manufacturers and assemblers were identified as the sampling frame, which was selected based on the census sampling method due to the limited sample size of the study. The data was analysed using the Partial Least Squares (PLS) with the measurement model had shown sufficient model fit and the structural model revealed that the data supported the hypothesised model. The large effect size and higher than zero values of the predictive capabilities imply that the model has sufficient variance explained for the predictive capability of the hypotheses testing of the study. Based on the results, this study has found that the resource barrier has a significant effect on the level of adoption of product returns. Specifically, the resource barrier and the extent of the manufacturing return adoption were positively related (beta = 0.361, p < 0.01), resource barrier and the extent of the distribution returns (beta = 0.252, p < 0.05), and resource barrier and the extent of the customer returns (beta = 0333, p < 0.01). The result reflects that automotive manufacturers have a lack of resources to afford the product return implementation; as a matter of fact, high initial investments in terms of finances, human resources, and time are required for the product return adoption. Other variables of the study, such as the attitudinal and perception barrier, information barrier, and technical barrier, were found to be insignificant with the adoption of product return management. As a conclusion, this study discovered that the resource barrier was the major obstacle that impeded the automotive manufacturers in Malaysia from adopting the product return management. The outcome is expected to help policy makers, manufacturers as well as stakeholders in setting appropriate policies and strategies to improve the product return and recovery management adoption. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Snakebites from Taiwan habus (Protobothrops mucrosquamatus) and green bamboo vipers (Viridovipera stejnegeri) account for two-thirds of all venomous snakebites in Taiwan. While there has been ongoing optimization of antivenin therapy, the proper management of superimposed bacterial wound infections is not well studied. In this Bacteriology of Infections in Taiwanese snake Envenomation (BITE) study, we investigated the prevalence of wound infection, bacteriology, and corresponding antibiotic usage in patients presenting with snakebites from these two snakes. We further developed a BITE score to evaluate the probability of wound infections and guide antibiotic usage in this patient population. All snakebite victims who presented to the emergency departments of seven training and research hospitals and received at least one vial of freeze-dried hemorrhagic antivenin between January 2001 and January 2017 were identified. Patient biodata, laboratory investigation results, and treatment modalities were retrieved. We developed our BITE score via univariate and multiple logistic regression analyses. The receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve was plotted to evaluate the predictive performance of the BITE score. Out of 8,295,497 emergency department visits, 726 patients presented with snakebites from a Taiwan habu or a green bamboo viper. The wound infection rate was 22.45%, with seven positive wound cultures, including six polymicrobial infections.Morganella morganii,Enterococcusspp.,Bacteroides fragilis, andAeromonas hydrophilawere most frequently cultured. There were no positive blood cultures. A total of 33.0% (n= 106) of snakebite patients who received prophylactic antibiotics nevertheless developed wound infections, while 44.8% (n= 73) of wound infection patients were satisfactorily treated with one of the following antibiotics: amoxicillin/clavulanic acid, oxacillin, cefazolin, and ampicillin/sulbactam. With the addition of gentamicin, the success of antibiotic therapy increased by up to 66.54%. The prognostic factors for the secondary bacterial infection of snakebites were white blood cell counts, the neutrophil lymphocyte ratio, and the need for hospital admission. The area under the ROC curve for the BITE score was 0.839. At the optimal cut-off point of 5, the BITE score had a 79.58% accuracy, 82.31% sensitivity, and 79.71% specificity when predicting infection in snakebite patients. Our BITE score may help with antibiotic stewardship by guiding appropriate antibiotic use in patients presenting with snakebites. It may also be employed in further studies into antibiotic prophylaxis in snakebite patients for the prevention of superimposed bacterial wound infections."
AB Background: The impact of nutrition on the metabolic profile of osteoporosis (OS) is unknown. Objective: Identify biochemical factors driving the association of fruit and vegetable (FV) intakes with OS prevalence using an untargeted metabolomics approach.
AB Background
"AB This study aims at developing a robust and generic methodology, based on the use of high resolution remote sensing data to provide accurate estimates of maize biomass and yield over large areas (i.e. at regional scale). We propose here a strategy of calibration and spatialization independent as much as possible of in situ measurements and reliable over large areas and under various climatic conditions. For this purpose, we combine the Simple Algorithm For Yield estimates (SAFY) model with high spatial and temporal resolution remote sensing data from several sensors: Formosat-2, SPOT4-Take5, Landsat-8 and Deimos-1. SPOT4-Take5 experiment conducted in 2013 was designed to simulate the temporal sampling of ESA's Sentinel-2 mission. This study led to a new version of the SAFY model that takes into account the seasonal variation of specific leaf area (SLA) and effective light use efficiency (ELUE). The study takes place in a temperate agrosystem located in the south west of France. The SAFY outputs were validated with local measurements of biomass and yield estimates at both local and regional scales using a multiannual dataset. Good results were obtained for both local biomass (R = 0.98; RRMSE = 14%) and yield (R = 0.81; RRMSE = 8.9%), and for yield estimations at regional scale (R = 0.96; RRMSE = 4.6%). Results also showed that the use of a double logistic function to interpolate Green Area Index (GAI) time series permits to improve the estimations of biomass and yield when remote sensing data are missing. This work demonstrates the potential of high resolution remote sensing data to calibrate a simple crop model without resorting to in situ data and thus foreshadows the future applications using Sentinel-2 data. (C) 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved."
"AB Objectives: We assessed the use of current guideline daily amount (GDA) label and consumers' ability to read GDA, compared with GDA-plus labels (green colour-coded GDA [GGDA], GDA label with text [GDAT] and green colour-coded GDA label with text [GGDAT]) in Thailand."
"AB The quality characteristics of urban green spaces (UGS) have been suggested to play a critical role in their use and their potentials to exert health effects. However, epidemiological studies evaluating such a role are scarce. These studies have generally focused on a limited number of quality dimensions. We studied the association between 10 UGS quality dimensions, assessed through a comprehensive multidimensional tool, and physical activity, overweight/obesity, and UGS use. Our study was based on 2053 adults participating in the Barcelona Health Survey (2016) and the quality of 149 UGS located in Barcelona, Spain. For each participant, we abstracted the average and maximum quality score separately for each of the 10 quality dimensions and an overall quality score for the UGS within 300 m of the participant's residential address. Data on the study outcomes were obtained through face-to-face interviews. We developed logistic regression and negative binomial models to assess our evaluated associations and conducted mediation analyses between the different outcomes. We observed that the overall quality of UGS was associated with higher likelihood of engaging in moderate-to-vigorous physical activity (OR:1.13; 95% CI:1.00-1.27), lower risk of overweight/obesity (OR: 0.88; 95% CI: 0.79-0.98), and increased use of UGS (exponentiated regression coefficient: 1.08; 95% CI:1.01-1.15). For the quality dimensions, we observed different patterns of associations depending on the outcome; however, bird biodiversity and amenities seem to be relevant to all of our evaluated outcomes. The mediation analysis suggested that UGS use mediate the association between quality and physical activity, while physical activity mediates the association between quality and overweight/obesity. The novel results from this study will allow decision-makers better design UGS and directly pinpoint relevant quality dimensions to promote physical activity, reduce the risk of overweight/obesity and boost the use of UGS amongst citizens. (C) 2020 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Background: Anemia is a significant public health concern in many developing countries, particularly during pregnancy, and it has adverse effects on mother and fetus/baby."
"AB The access to common-pool resources, i.e. to resources in limited common property, are legally distributed in a far more diverse way than limited private property resources. In transportation, a critical case for common-pool resources appear in Green Transport Corridors (GTC), that has been coined by European Union as being ""sustainable logistics solutions for cargo transportation' with a shared pool of resources aiming for multimodal trans-shipment routes with a concentration of freight traffic between significant hubs"". Although there are already existing implementations of GTC concepts, there are still a lot of open questions concerning GTC governance and ownership models hindering easy marketing of the GTC approach. This paper discusses how and to which extent smart contracts in combination with blockchain technology as innovative solutions are able to facilitate GTC governance and how smart contracts can be applied to provide legal certainty by managing and allocating distributed access to common-pool resources. Smart contracts can be considered as computerised transaction protocols for the execution of underlying legal contracts, and they do not only target reducing transaction costs by realising trackable and irreversible transactions through blockchain technology for distributed databases, but also show high potential to strengthen cooperative business structures and to facilitate the entrepreneurial collaboration of cross-organisational business processes. From a legal perspective, it is controversial whether the use of smart contracts to distribute access to resources in terms of both general common-pool resources. GTCs implies an added value automatically for legal certainty and fair balance among different forms and degrees of access granted to different members of the cooperative. In cases of incorrect performance, change of circumstances or unduly induced contracts smart contracts fall considerably short on the protection of weaker parties, which the paper illustrates at the example of GTCs to be a decisive detriment of the cooperative members. The paper analyses these potentials and risks of smart contracts for the case of GTCs and showcases from both business and legal perspective in terms of their potential as viable means of distributing access to common-pool resources comprising infrastructure."
AB Objectives
"AB Lack of sustainability may be affecting the supply chain operations of businesses. This study has tested this concept in Indian seafood industry by examining an action research approach for measuring and accounting variables affected by sustainability in three seafood-manufacturing companies in India. Through action research, sampled tasks in five locations were monitored and accounted for eight sustainability variables taken from the triple bottom-line model. The accounting data of the tasks was converted into multi-level interval scales for all the transactions observed during the data collection period and analysed using descriptive statistics, ANOVA, and regression analysis. In addition, the supervisors in the five locations were field-interviewed to explore the relevant barriers. It was found lack of safety measures, green standards, and environment hazards prevention were increasing the operations time and costs, and unfair employment practices were found to be causing loss of materials significantly and increasing the operations time moderately. This reflects an operations overhead caused by lack of sustainability. The descriptive statistical analysis reflected inconsistencies in sustainability activities as they are inadequately controlled by the supervisors and vary by actor. From the interviews, regulatory compliance was found as the highest organisational priority resulting in decentralised sustainability monitoring with abstract observations only. It is concluded that measuring and accounting sustainability in the operations activities through action research can help in discovering hidden impacts on the performance variables and plan for their improvements. In this way, (a) sustainability measurements and accounting through action research can be considered as a way to improve operations performance, (b) sustainability can be measured and improved using action research without implementing sophisticated measurement technologies in the short-term, and (c) performance improvements can help in establishing feasibility for investing in advanced technologies in the long-run. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
AB Background: Supermarkets are a key point of purchase for groceries and can therefore have a considerable influence on eating behaviours. Evidence suggests that descriptive social norm nudges in shopping trolleys can be effective in stimulating vegetable purchases in supermarkets.
"AB Objective To characterize risk factors for spontaneous intracerebral hemorrhage (sICH) occurrence and severity among West Africans. Methods The Stroke Investigative Research and Educational Network (SIREN) study is a multicenter case-control study involving 15 sites in Ghana and Nigeria. Patients were adults >= 18 years old with CT-confirmed sICH with age-, sex-, and ethnicity-matched stroke-free community controls. Standard instruments were used to assess vascular, lifestyle, and psychosocial factors. Factors associated with sICH and its severity were assessed using conditional logistic regression to estimate odds ratios (ORs) and population-attributable risks (PARs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for factors. Results Of 2,944 adjudicated stroke cases, 854 were intracerebral hemorrhage (ICH). Mean age of patients with ICH was 54.7 +/- 13.9 years, with a male preponderance (63.1%), and 77.3% were nonlobar. Etiologic subtypes of sICH included hypertension (80.9%), structural vascular anomalies (4.0%), cerebral amyloid angiopathy (0.7%), systemic illnesses (0.5%), medication-related (0.4%), and undetermined (13.7%). Eight factors independently associated with sICH occurrence by decreasing order of PAR with their adjusted OR (95% CI) were hypertension, 66.63 (20.78-213.72); dyslipidemia, 2.95 (1.84-4.74); meat consumption, 1.55 (1.01-2.38); family history of CVD, 2.22 (1.41-3.50); nonconsumption of green vegetables, 3.61 (2.07-6.31); diabetes mellitus, 2.11 (1.29-3.46); stress, 1.68 (1.03-2.77); and current tobacco use, 14.27 (2.09-97.47). Factors associated with severe sICH using an NIH Stroke Scale score >15 with adjusted OR (95% CI) were nonconsumption of leafy green vegetables, 2.03 (1.43-2.88); systolic blood pressure for each mm Hg rise, 1.01 (1.00-1.01); presence of midline shift, 1.54 (1.11-2.13); lobar ICH, 1.72 (1.16-2.55); and supratentorial bleeds, 2.17 (1.06-4.46). Conclusions Population-level control of the dominant factors will substantially mitigate the burden of sICH in West Africa."
"AB The Advanced Himawari Imager (Al-II) onboard the recently launched next generation geostationary satellite, Himawari-8, provides an opportunity to improve Land Surface Phenology (LSP) detections over the Asia-Pacific region. In this paper, we detected four phenological transition dates (PTDs) using the three-day Two-band Enhanced Vegetation Index (EVI2) time series from AHI based on the Hybrid Piecewise Logistic Model-Land Surface Phenology Detection (HPLM-LSPD) algorithm. The four PTDs are Start of Spring (SOS), End of Spring (EOS), Start of Fall (SOF) and End of Fall (SOF). We evaluated the four AHI-derived PTDs against those detected using eight-day EVI2 time series from the Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer (MODIS) onboard the polar-orbiting satellite Terra, and three-day Green Chromatic Coordinate (GCC) time series from the Phenological Eyes Network (PEN) at six sites in central and northern Japan. The evaluation was performed by conducting regression analyses, and calculating root mean square difference (RMSD) and bias between satellite and PEN-derived PTDs. First, the difference in the spatial variations of SOS and EOF timing between naturally vegetated areas, and urban areas and croplands indicates the anthropogenic footprints on LSP. Second, the RMSD of either AHI PTDs or MODIS PTDs against PEN PTDs were higher in the fall (i.e., SOF and EOF) than those in spring (i.e., SOS and EOS). Third, the later EOS and earlier SOF derived from satellite EVI2 relative to those derived from PEN GCC might be caused by the difference in the sensitivity of GCC and EVI2 to the increases in leaf area index (LAI) over high-LAI canopies. Fourth, the higher temporal resolution of AHI EVI2 only helped reduce the RMSD during spring compared to the RMSD for MODIS. In contrast, the RMSD for AHI PTDs and MODIS PTDs were comparable in fall. Finally, the between-sensor correlation in the spatiotemporal variability of the four PTDs was higher for SOS and EOF than those for EOS and SOF."
"AB OBJECTIVE: In humans, the ontogeny of obesity throughout the life course and the genetics underlying it has been historically difficult to study. We compared, in a non-human primate model, the lifelong growth trajectories of obese and non-obese adults to assess the heritability of and map potential genomic regions implicated in growth and obesity."
"AB Background: Mounting evidence suggests that the natural and built environment can affect human health, but relatively few studies have considered links between features of the residential natural and built environment other than air pollution and complications of pregnancy."
"AB In this study, we examined the phenology of the salt marsh ecosystem across coastal Louisiana (LA) for a 16-year time period (2000-2015) using NASA's Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer's (MODIS) eight-day average surface reflectance images (500 m). We compared the performances of least squares fitted asymmetric Gaussian (AG) and double logistic (DL) smoothing functions in terms of increasing the signal-to-noise ratio from the raw phenology derived from the time-series composites. We performed derivative analysis to determine the appropriate start of season (SOS) and end of season (EOS) thresholds. After that, we extracted the seasonality parameters in TIMESAT, and studied the effect of environmental disturbances/anomalies on the seasonality parameters. Finally, we performed trend analysis using the derived seasonality parameters such as base green biomass (GBM) value, maximum GBM value, seasonal amplitude, and small seasonal integral. Based on root mean square error (RMSE) values and residual plots, we selected the best thresholds for SOS (5% of amplitude) and EOS (20% of amplitude), along with the best smoothing function. The selected SOS and EOS thresholds were able to capture the environmental disturbances that have affected the salt marsh ecosystem during the 16-year time period. Our trend analysis results indicate positive trends in the base GBM values in the salt marshes of LA. However, we did not notice as much of a positive trend in the maximum GBM levels. Hence, we observed mostly negative changes in the GBM amplitude and small seasonal integral values. These negative changes indicated the overall progressive decline in the rates of photosynthesis and biomass allocation in the LA salt marsh ecosystem, which is most likely due to elevated atmospheric carbon dioxide levels and sea level rise. The results illustrate both the relative efficiency of MODIS-based biophysical models for analyzing salt marsh phenology, and performances of the smoothing techniques in terms of improving the signal-to-noise ratio of the MODIS-derived phenology."
"AB Intersections are among the most dangerous roadway facilities due to the complex traffic conflicting movements and frequent stop-and-go traffic. However, previous intersection safety analyses were conducted based on static and highly aggregated data (e.g., annual average daily traffic (AADT), annual crash frequency). These aggregated data may result in unreliable findings simply because they are averages and cannot represent the real conditions at the time of crash occurrence. This study attempts to investigate the relationship between crash occurrence at signalized intersections and real-time traffic, signal timing, and weather characteristics based on 23 signalized intersections in Central Florida. The intersection and intersection-related crashes were collected and then divided into two types, i.e., within intersection crashes and intersection entrance crashes. Bayesian conditional logistic models were developed for these two kinds of crashes, respectively. For the within intersection models, the model results showed that the through volume from ""A"" approach (the traveling approach of at-fault vehicle), the left turn volume from ""B"" approach (near-side crossing approach), and the overall average flow ratio (OAFR) from ""D"" approach (far-side crossing approach), were found to have significant positive effects on the odds of crash occurrence. Moreover, the increased adaptability for the left turn signal timing of ""B"" approach and more priority for ""A"" approach could significantly decrease the odds of crash occurrence. For the intersection entrance models, average speed was found to have significant negative effect on the odds of crash occurrence. The longer average green time and longer average waiting time for the left turn phase, higher green ratio for the through phase, and higher adaptability for the through phase can significantly improve the safety performance of intersection entrance area. In addition, the average queue length on the through lanes was found to have positive effect on the odds of crash occurrence. These results are important in real-time safety applications at signalized intersections in the context of proactive traffic management."
AB Purpose The purpose of this paper is to understand the driving forces of environmental management practices in mining and manufacturing firms using data from Ghana.
"AB Grain for Green project has achieved substantial results in ecological reconstruction and social benefits in China. Meantime, some doubts also exist, and one of the most concerned themes is its sustainability. Although some studies address this topic, there are deficiencies in the research scale and depth. In this work, except for traditional growth trend analysis of vegetation restoration by using vegetation index from 2000 to 2016 in Wuqi County of China, Moran's I was used to analyze the competition for water and nutrients among the vegetation due to restricted space, and the Hurst exponent was used to analyze the future development trends of the vegetation cover. The results show that although the vegetation coverage rate of the study area has improved steadily since the implementation of the ecological policy, limited further improvement in the study area is possible in the future; and vegetation restoration is generally sustainable in the southeastern part of the study area but not in the northwestern part of the study area from a spatial perspective. In terms of driving factors, natural factors are the decisive factors affecting the sustainability of vegetation restoration; ecological projects and maintenance measures may promote vegetation restoration generally but they should be controlled at a certain level, otherwise, the counterproductive result would be obtained. Therefore, vegetation restoration should be adapted to local conditions rather than uniform standards being adopted for the entire region, and this conclusion should apply equally to ecological restoration efforts in other regions of the world. Also, from a methodological point of view, this study proposes to analyze the sustainability of vegetation restoration based on the spatial and temporal perspectives by using the spatial autocorrelation and Hurst exponent methods, which is a development and supplement to previous studies and has a certain advantage for evaluating the vegetation restoration status. (C) 2020 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
AB Purpose The purpose of this paper is to identify and model critical barriers to sustainable practices implementation in Indian oil and gas sectors by the interpretive structural modeling (ISM) approach.
"AB Aim: The aim of this study was to determine the association between levels of residential surrounding greenness, preschool children's park use, sedentary behaviour, and mental and general health."
"AB As urbanization gradually modifies natural ecosystems and affects environmental sustainability, urban spatial planning can be used as a tool to address to Urban Metabolism and meet sustainable development targets. The concentration of people in urban areas makes these increasingly requiring for primary products and services as food and energy, and the fulfilment of such needs result in significant carbon emissions. The inclusion of spatial functions as agriculture and renewables in the urban planning can address to this environmental impact, but would require support-planning tools able to explore new land-use allocation strategies within an integrated urban-rural ecosystem. In this paper, we propose an optimization framework for the planning of low carbon urban-rural ecosystems that integrates transport and land-use planning and cope with urban metabolism, involving urban mobility, food transportation, energy supplies. This framework contributes to the literature as it formulates a network between urban, agricultural, energy, and carbon mitigation land-covers and optimizes the horizontal carbon fluxes within an integrated urban-rural environment. In order to minimize carbon emissions by mobility and resources (i.e. food) transportation, the framework aids identifying trade-offs between accessibility and density over the spatial distribution of resource-generating and resource-consuming land-covers. Proof of concept is provided with a realistic numerical example, propelled by real-world data from an Italian region. The land-use allocation solution makes the exemplifying urban-rural ecosystem behaving as carbon sink due to the established green areas and the configuration of the spatial uses. A sensitivity analysis is finally carried out to assess the impacts of mobility and resources transportation on the spatial urban-rural structure and associated carbon emissions. It comes out that the optimal urban configuration to mitigate carbon emissions from transportation integrates urban and rural uses and guarantees accessibility to several functions as cultivated areas, renewables and green covers, responsible to provide food, energy and air cleaning respectively to dwellers. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Vegetation phenology is a sensitive indicator of climate change and has significant effects on the exchange of carbon, water, and energy between the terrestrial biosphere and the atmosphere. The Tibetan Plateau, the Earth's ""third pole,"" is a unique region for studying the long-term trends in vegetation phenology in response to climate change because of the sensitivity of its alpine ecosystems to climate and its low-level human disturbance. There has been a debate whether the trends in spring phenology over the Tibetan Plateau have been continuously advancing over the last two to three decades. In this study, we examine the trends in the start of growing season (SOS) for alpine meadow and steppe using the Global Inventory Modeling and Mapping Studies (GIMMS) 3g normalized difference vegetation index (NDVI) data set (1982-2014), the GIMMS NDVI data set (1982-2006), the Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer (MODIS) NDVI data set (2001-2014), the Satellite Pour l'Observation de la Terre Vegetation (SPOT-VEG) NDVI data set (1999-2013), and the Sea-viewing Wide Field-of-View Sensor (SeaWiFS) NDVI data set (1998-2007). Both logistic and polynomial fitting methods are used to retrieve the SOS dates from the NDVI data sets. Our results show that the trends in spring phenology over the Tibetan Plateau depend on both the NDVI data set used and the method for retrieving the SOS date. There are large discrepancies in the SOS trends among the different NDVI data sets and between the two different retrieval methods. There is no consistent evidence that spring phenology (""green-up"" dates) has been advancing or delaying over the Tibetan Plateau during the last two to three decades. Ground-based budburst data also indicate no consistent trends in spring phenology. The responses of SOS to environmental factors (air temperature, precipitation, soil temperature, and snow depth) also vary among NDVI data sets and phenology retrieval methods. The increases in winter and spring temperature had offsetting effects on spring phenology."
"AB Background: Preterm birth is one of the leading causes of neonatal morbidity in the United States. Despite decades of research, the etiology is largely unknown."
"AB BackgroundCooking interventions have the potential to improve child diet quality because cooking involvement is associated with positive changes in dietary behavior. Valid and reliable instruments that are low-cost and convenient to administer are needed to feasibly assess the impact of cooking interventions on dietary behavior. The purpose of the current research is to examine the validity of fruit and vegetable preferences, cooking attitudes and self-efficacy assessments to predict targeted Healthy Eating Index-2010 (HEI) scores among 4th-grade youth.MethodsChild fruit and vegetable preferences, cooking attitudes, self-efficacy, age, sex and race/ethnicity were collected with the Fuel for Fun survey in classroom settings using a standardized administration protocol. Child dietary assessment data consisted of three 24-h dietary recalls collected by telephone over a 2-4week period by trained interviewers using a standard protocol. Bootstrapped linear regressions examined the predictive validity of fruit and vegetable preference, cooking attitudes and cooking self-efficacy for the Total and 4 targeted HEI components: whole fruit, total vegetables, green vegetables and beans, and empty calories. Logistic regressions were used to confirm the relationships between Fuel for Fun survey items and HEI components. Sex and a categorical variable for race/ethnicity were included as a priori controls in each regression model.ResultsVegetable preference predicted positive associations with HEI Total Score, Total Vegetables, and Green Vegetables and Beans (p <0.05) Each additional 2 point increase in cooking self-efficacy was associated with a 1.33 point HEI Score increase, even after including BMI z-score as a control (b=0.667, p =0.003). Fruit preference and cooking attitudes did not significantly predict HEI total or component scores.ConclusionsThis study provides evidence that low-cost, validated measures of vegetable preferences and cooking self-efficacy predict diet quality in 4th grade children. These results also reinforce the relationship between cooking and healthful dietary behavior."
AB Objective: The aim of this study was to investigate the impact of portal hypertension (PH) on gadoxetic acid-enhanced liver magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and assess diagnostic and prognostic implications in comparison to established imaging features of PH.
"AB Background: During pregnancy lead crosses the placenta freely and can have adverse effects on the fetus, with the potential for lifelong impact on the child. Identification of dietary patterns and food groups in relation to measures of lead status could provide a more useful alternative to nutrient-specific advice to minimize fetal lead exposure."
"AB Urbanization and ageing are global phenomena and offer unique challenges in different countries. A supportive environment plays a critical role in addressing the issue of behavioral change and health promotion among older adults. Many studies in the U.S., EU, and Australia have considered promoting physical activity in the community based on ecological models, whereas very few Asian studies have examined the relationships among urbanization, the built environment and physical activity in elderly at the ecological level, especially from a multi-level perspective. Due to the prevalence of post-war baby boomers and a very low birth-rate, the older population (aged 65 years old and older) in Taiwan has increased rapidly since 2011 and has exceeded the younger generation (0-14 years old) in 2017. Hence, the purpose of this study was first to examine the degree of urbanization in townships and the status of related built environments in Taiwan and then to investigate whether the built environment is associated with recommended amounts of physical activity among older adults. Three national datasets and a multi-level design were used in this research. Data at the individual level was obtained from the 2009 National Health Interview Survey (NHIS) which was taken from June 2009 to February 2010. Ecological data was obtained from the 2006 National Land Use Investigation of the National Geographic Information System and the 2010 Population and Housing Census. The analyses included a descriptive analysis, a bivariate analysis, a multiple logistic regression, and a multi-level analysis, utilizing a mostly hierarchical linear model (HLM). The results showed a significant relationship between factors at the environmental levels and physical activity in older adults. Urbanization, the built environment, and the median income of townships were positively correlated to the physical activity of the older adults. After controlling for individual-level factors, urbanization still exhibited this correlation. Parks and green spaces were associated with achieving the recommended amount of physical activity. However, there was no relationship after controlling for factors at the individual level. Detailed discussions were provided."
AB Background: Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) disenrollment among income-eligible households could limit their ability to access food.
AB Objectives To explore young adult smokers' perceptions of cigarette pack inserts promoting cessation and cigarettes designed to be dissuasive.
"AB The aim of this research is to understand the complex and relatively understudied relationship between human and behavioral factors and low-carbon management practices from the perspective of the resource-based view (RBV). Research application is in the ""biodiversity sector"" and consists of a survey and multiple-case study in Brazil, the richest country globally in terms of biodiversity but a country that also faces challenges in protecting biodiversity. The research problem considers the relationship between human critical success factors and the adoption of low-carbon management practices. Quantitative analysis through structural equation modeling shows the three branches of hypothesis to be accepted-the first with a higher coefficient than the second and the second with a higher coefficient than the third. It was observed that human factors influence low-carbon product management practices the most, followed by process practices and finally logistics practices. Qualitative multiple-case study research shows that companies are at different stages of maturity in relation to low-carbon management organizational practices, ranging from the highest stage to the lowest. It was found that the intensity of the presence of human critical success factors was higher where organizations had greater adoption of low-carbon management practices."
"AB This study aims to investigate the association between hypertension and facial complexion and determine whether facial complexion is a predictor for hypertension. Using the Commission internationale de l'eclairage L*a*b* (CIELAB) color space, the facial complexion variables of 1099 subjects were extracted in three regions (forehead, cheek, and nose) and the total face. Logistic regression was performed to analyze the association between hypertension and individual color variables. Four variable selection methods were also used to assess the association between hypertension and combined complexion variables and to compare the predictive powers of the models. The a* (green-red) complexion variables were identified as strong predictors in all facial regions in the crude analysis for both genders. However, this association in men disappeared, and L* (lightness) variables in women became the strongest predictors after adjusting for age and body mass index. Among the four prediction models based on combined complexion variables, the Bayesian approach obtained the best predictive in men. In women, models using three different methods but not the stepwise Akaike information criterion (AIC) obtained similar AUC values between 0.82 and 0.83. The use of combined facial complexion variables slightly improved the predictive power of hypertension in all four of the models compared with the use of individual variables."
"AB In recent years, increasing pollution of the ecological environment, excessive use of pesticides, and lack of effective management of agricultural product supply chains have made the problem of having a green and safe supply of fresh food increasingly prominent. The sustainability of the fresh agricultural products supply has become an inevitable focus in the development of agricultural enterprises. There are some problems in the supply chain of fresh agricultural products, such as scattered production sites and difficult logistics transportation, which makes it difficult for enterprises to choose reliable suppliers. Supplier selection is a key component of sustainable supply chain management, and the criteria for evaluating the quality of sustainable suppliers are often affected by economic, social, and environmental factors. Therefore, from the perspective of sustainability, based on triple bottom line theory and comprehensively considering the three aspects of society, environment, and economy, this paper proposes a novel evaluation index system for the selection of sustainable suppliers of fresh agricultural products. This paper innovatively integrates the intuition fuzzy analytic hierarchy process and TODIM (an acronym in Portuguese of interactive and multiple attribute decision-making), and these are applied to select sustainable suppliers. Finally, the integration method is applied to the example, and a sensitivity analysis is carried out to verify the validity of the evaluation model."
"AB The 0.1% sulphur limit within Sulphur Emission Control Areas (SECA) has made compulsory the use of either pricier ultra-low sulphur fuel, or the installation of abatement technologies that require significant capital investments. Due to the unexpectedly low fuel prices, Ro-Ro operators have been able to cope with the new sulphur limits, but recent research has shown that if fuel prices increase some Ro-Ro services may face the risk of closure. This paper proposes three key performance indicators (KPIs) to enable the asssessment of the impact of SECAs on Ro-Ro shipping. The KPIs are used on a set of case studies for services of a leading European Ro-Ro operator, and allow benchmarking of a series of operational and policy measures that aim to reverse the negative impacts of SECAs. The operational measures consider speed reduction, new sailing frequency, fleet reconfiguration, as well as investments in abatement technologies. Policy measures include the options of either subsidizing shippers or ship operators, or alternatively introducing new taxes on landbased options. The KPIs can be useful to ship operators seeking to improve the resilience of their network, as well as to regulatory bodies designing new environmental policies and understanding any negative implications these may have on ship operators"
"AB Global University Rankings (GURs) intend to measure the performance of universities worldwide. Other rankings have recently appeared that evaluate the creation of environmental policies in universities, e.g., the Universitas Indonesia (UI) GreenMetric. This work aims to analyze the interaction between the Top 500 of such rankings by considering the geographical location of universities and their typologies. A descriptive analysis and a statistical logistical regression analysis were carried out. The former demonstrated that European and North American universities predominated the Top 500 of GURs, while Asian universities did so in the Top 500 of the UI GreenMetric ranking, followed by European universities. Older universities predominated the Top 500 of GURs, while younger ones did so in the Top 500 of the UI GreenMetric ranking. The second analysis demonstrated that although Latin American universities were barely present in the Top 500 of GURs, the probability of them appearing in the Top 500 of the UI GreenMetric ranking was 5-fold. We conclude that a low association exists between universities' academic performance and their commitment to the natural environment in the heart of their institutions. It would be advisable for GURs to include environmental indicators to promote sustainability at universities and to contribute to climate change."
"AB This study focus on the implementation of expiry date detection for medicine using RFID in the health care industry. The motivation for doing this research is the process of searching for the expired medicine is a time consuming and lack of security features included in current NFC implementation. Therefore, the objective of this research is to study the RFID technology used for detecting medicine expiry product and to develop a new system that integrated NFC with authentication feature. Moreover, the problem of current data management for medicine still using manual or barcode system that lead to inconsistency, easy duplication and human error. Here, the NFC is chosen, due to smaller distance of signal coverage, since less interference and the time spending for sniffing activity by the hacker can be reduced. The system is developed using C#, SQLite, Visual Studio, NFC Tag and NFC reader (ACR122U-A9). Experiments have shown that the proposed system has produced medicine expiry date system and only authorized person in charge can monitor the medicine. The impact of the proposed system produces safer, greener and easier environment for better medicine data management. The significance of this study gives a medicine expiry date detection system for health care."
"AB Forest city (FC) usually refers to an urban area with high forest coverage. It is a green model of urban development that has been strongly advocated for by governments of many nations. Forest fire is a prominent threat in FC development, but the causes of fires in FCs are usually different and more complex than in pure forested areas since more socio-economic factors and human activity are involved in the ignition and spread of fire. The large and increasing number of lives being exposed to wildfire hazard highlights the need to understand the characteristics of these fires so that forest fire prediction and prevention can be efficient. In this study, Ripley's K(d) function and Random Forests (RF) were applied to analyze the drivers, spatial distribution and risk patterns of fires in Yichun, a typical FC in China. The results revealed a clustered distribution of forest fire ignitions in Yichun, as well as identified the driving factors and their dynamic influence on fire occurrence. Fire risk zones were identified based on RF modelling. Improved preventive measures can be implemented in the fire prone areas to reduce the risk of fire in Yichun by considering the factors identified in this study."
"AB Sustainability affects multiple links of the supply chain and is considered increasingly important by all relevant stakeholders. To study the role of Sustainability in Supply Chain Network Design (SSCND), we propose a new Multi-objective Mixed Integer Linear Programming (MMILP) model, which captures significant decisions involved in designing or re-designing high performance, sustainable supply chains. The cost objective includes investment, operational, as well as emissions costs. The environmental objective captures emission quantities and waste generation at each link of the supply chain. The social objective considers employment opportunities, prioritizing societal community development and improved labor conditions. To solve the proposed model we employ both goal programming and the e-constraint method to achieve efficient trade-offs among the three objectives. We have successfully applied the proposed model to a large case study of a global manufacturer. The goal programming method results in both economic and environmental cost improvements, while maintaining social costs under control. The e-constraint method provides the opportunity to regulate the expenditures related to environmental and social strategies. Despite its high complexity, the case study results validate the ability of the proposed model and method to (re)design high performing sustainable supply chains. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Notwithstanding the interest it elicits from academics and practitioners, relatively little is known about the market for remanufactured products. Research, still in its infancy, has focused almost entirely on what affects willingness to pay, and our understanding of other key marketing questions, such as what drives search intensity for remanufactured products and the number of remanufactured products on offer, is limited. This paper fills this knowledge gap. Focusing on the online market for remanufactured electrical and electronic products, we empirically test whether product-specific and market-specific determinants affect search intensity and number of remanufactured products on offer, that is number of listings. We use as inputs online search traffic, product-specific data collected from various other online sources and relevant eBay listing data. Our analysis supports the hypotheses that search intensity for remanufactured products is associated with search intensity for price and elapsed time since the launch of new counterpart products. Number of remanufactured products listed is associated with number of listings for new counterparts and two product-specific characteristics: presence of moving parts and whether the product is used for personal hygiene. We discuss several implications of our findings for remanufacturers and policy-makers as well as directions for future research."
"AB The application of sustainability principles into supply chains is an evolving research area currently suffering from a scarcity of established theories, models, and frameworks. There are at least two key reasons why it is difficult to build sustainability into the supply chain. First, there are numerous context dependent factors that either enable or hinder progress towards sustainability in a supply chain. There is a need to better understand how these factors affect the sustainability performance of supply chains. Second, implementing sustainability requires a triple bottom line approach, where improvements are pursued in the environmental, economic, and social dimensions of performance. These two challenges mean that implementing sustainability in a supply chain is a complex process that involves a large number of interacting factors. This paper contributes to efforts to overcome these challenges by proposing a mathematical model for assessing sustainability in the supply chain. The model is based on the notion that a probabilistic representation of sustainability can realistically account for its challenges. The development of the proposed model was guided by the need for ease of use, simplicity, and the ability to quickly provide feedback on the sustainability status of supply chains over time. (C) 2014 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved."
"AB Sustainable supply chain management (SSCM) practices have received growing attention but their consequences on firm performance yielded mixed outcomes. This study aims to synthesize quantitative research and to analyze potential moderators on the link between SSCM practices and firm performance. This study draws upon resource-based view of the firm with the extensions of natural resource-based view and relational view to underpin study hypotheses. The analysis is based on data collected from 145 independent samples composed of 33,886 firms. The research hypotheses are tested using meta-analytical procedures. The results show that SSCM practices are significantly and positively correlated with firm's social, operational, economic, and environmental performance dimensions. Additional findings from moderator analysis provide nuanced views of SSCM practices-performance link. This paper contributes to the literature by underlining the relevance of SSCM, identifying and classifying SSCM practices into a coherent framework. The research findings help policy makers, practitioners and other stakeholders to better understand benefits from the adoption of SSCM practices. Additionally, to the best of authors' knowledge, this is the first study that meta-analytically combined existing empirical evidence of the social supply practices on various types of firm's sustainability performance."
"AB The time-dependent vehicle routing problem with time windows (TDVRPTW) is examined in this study. A mathematical model for the TDVRPTW is formulated by considering the time-dependent vehicle speeds, capacity, travel time, wait time, customer demand, service time, time window, impact of dynamic loads, and travel speed effect on vehicle carbon emissions. The objective of the TDVRPTW model is to minimize the sum of the fixed costs of the vehicle used, as well as the costs of drivers, fuel consumption, and carbon emissions. A calculation method for the road travel time across time periods with time-dependent speeds is presented. A congestion avoidance approach is proposed to avoid peak hour traffic congestion and temporal traffic congestion. An improved ant colony algorithm with a congestion avoiding approach (IACACAA) is elucidated according to the characteristics of the TDVRPTW model. The effectiveness of the proposed approaches was demonstrated in several computational experiments. The results show that the proposed IACACAA can scientifically plan the departure time and driving route for each vehicle, effectively avoid traffic congestion, and reduce the total distribution costs. The congestion avoidance approach effectively reduces vehicle fuel consumption and carbon emissions and protects the environment. (C) 2019 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB In this paper, an associated color chaotic image encryption algorithm is proposed according to a two-dimensional chaotic system and random XOR diffusion. Firstly, the initial value of the 2D-Logistic-Sine-Coupling map (2D-LSCM) is generated by the SHA-256 and the key stream is generated by the 2D-LSCM. The three channels (red, green, blue) of the color image are processed into a matrix. The key stream is used in the color image scrambling phase according to the cyclic shift. Third, do random XOR diffusion according to the mathematical expression of the 2D-LSCM. In this step, nonlinear diffusion is used, and the scrambling is included in the diffusion. Each pixel value of the ciphertext is XORed by three values, which are the key stream, a pixel value of the scrambled image and the position of the pixel value is different from the position of the ciphertext pixel value, and a non-adjacent ciphertext pixel value. Finally, the statistical analysis is used to test the algorithm. Experimental results show that the algorithm not only reduces the correlation between adjacent pixels, but also reduces the correlation between the three channels of a ciphertext. Compared with some classic algorithm, the algorithm proposed in this paper is more secure."
"AB Sustainability is one of the main challenges of the recent decades. In this regard, several prior studies have used different techniques and approaches for solving this problem in the field of sustainability engineering. Multiple criteria decision making (MCDM) is an important technique that presents a systematic approach for helping decisionmakers in this field. The main goal of this paper is to review the literature concerning the application of MCDM methods in the field of sustainable engineering. The Web of Science (WoS) Core Collection Database was chosen to identify 108 papers in the period of 2008-2018. The selected papers were classified into five categories, including construction and infrastructure, supply chains, transport and logistics, energy, and other. In addition, the articles were classified based on author, year, application area, study objective and problem, applied methods, number of published papers, and name of the journal. The results of this paper show that sustainable engineering is an area that is quite suitable for the use of MCDM. It can be concluded that most of the methods used in sustainable engineering are based on traditional approaches with a noticeable trend towards applying the theory of uncertainty, such as fuzzy, grey, rough, and neutrosophic theory."
"AB Unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) has been widely used in many industries. In the medical environment, especially in some emergency situations, UAVs play an important role such as the supply of medicines and blood with speed and efficiency. In this paper, we study the problem of multi-objective blood supply by UAVs in such emergency situations. This is a complex problem that includes maintenance of the supply blood's temperature model during transportation, the UAVs' scheduling and routes' planning in case of multiple sites requesting blood, and limited carrying capacity. Most importantly, we need to study the blood's temperature change due to the external environment, the heating agent (or refrigerant) and time factor during transportation, and propose an optimal method for calculating the mixing proportion of blood and appendage in different circumstances and delivery conditions. Then, by introducing the idea of transportation appendage into the traditional Capacitated Vehicle Routing Problem (CVRP), this new problem is proposed according to the factors of distance and weight. Algorithmically, we use the combination of decomposition-based multi-objective evolutionary algorithm and local search method to perform a series of experiments on the CVRP public dataset. By comparing our technique with the traditional ones, our algorithm can obtain better optimization results and time performance."
"AB Concerns about air quality and global warming have led to numerous initiatives to reduce emissions. In general, emissions are proportional to the amount of fuel consumed, and the amount of fuel consumed is a function of speed, distance, acceleration, and weight of the vehicle. In urban areas, vehicles must often travel at the speed of traffic, and congestion can impact this speed particularly at certain times of day. Further, for any given time of day, the observations of speeds on an arc can exhibit significant variability. Because of the nonlinearity of emissions curves, optimizing emissions in an urban area requires explicit consideration of the variability in the speed of traffic on arcs in the network. We introduce a shortest path algorithm that incorporates sampling to both account for variability in travel speeds and to estimate arrival time distributions at nodes on a path. We also suggest a method for transforming speed data into time-dependent emissions values thus converting the problem into a time-dependent, but deterministic shortest path problem. Our results demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed approaches in reducing emissions relative to the use of minimum distance and time-dependent paths. In this paper, we also identify some of the challenges associated with using large data sets. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Nowadays, the integration of sustainability into supply chain management (SCM) is a key issue for ensuring corporate competitiveness in face of dynamic ecological and social environments. This paper reviews 185 journal publications of the last 20 years that formalize issues related to sustainable supply chain management (SSCM) in quantitative models. In a content analysis, modeling and SCM characteristics as well as sustainability and SSCM constructs are elaborated. The models are assessed numerically by counting frequencies of occurrence and by clustering the paper sample according to selected characteristics. The findings indicate that SSCM models predominantly focus on deterministic approaches and the integration of environmental aspects of sustainability while neglecting stochastic modeling techniques and the consideration of social factors. By now, comprehensive modeling approaches are most often employed on intra-organizational levels whereas broader application areas are assessed by less complex models. The integration of pressures and incentives of external stakeholders or the formalization of sustainable supplier management and sustainability risks are identified as future research perspectives. Furthermore, the interrelationships between the triple bottom line dimensions are to be scrutinized in greater detail in order to avoid focused optimization of selected sustainability criteria. Seven modeling guidelines are derived from the reviewed literature to facilitate future model-based SSCM research."
"AB Despite the growing attention that is being paid to sustainability in the literature, little empirical research has been conducted on developing the link between sustainability and marketing strategy and moreover, only a few empirical studies have investigated this issue in Central and Eastern Europe. The conducted empirical survey examines the relationship between marketing strategy and sustainability from the perspective of enterprises in Slovakia. The authors have used binary logistic regression as an evaluation method. The empirical findings are based on 896 responses from different forms of companies in Slovak Republic. The results show that the legal form of a business organization is a relevant determinant of philosophy of sustainability when organization defines a marketing strategy and implements it into corporate strategy. Based on the results it can also be concluded that the environmental aspect of sustainability is determined by the size of organization and the sector of national economy where a company operates, while the social aspect is mainly determined by the share of foreign capital in the ownership structure of an organisation. This study contributes to the European research that studies the relation between sustainability and the marketing strategy by means of an empirical investigation in business organisations in a transition economy such as Slovakia."
"AB The diffusion of the culture of sustainability and circular economy increasingly pushes companies to adopt green strategies and integrate circular business models in the corporate agenda. It assumes higher relevance in the packaging industry because of the growing plastics demand, the increasing awareness of consumers on single-use-products, the low recyclability performance and last but not least, the challenge of urban littering and microplastics dispersion in marine ecosystem. This paper presents the case of a small-medium enterprise that implemented a decision-making process to rethink the design of frozen food packaging in accordance with systemic and life cycle thinking. Eco-design and Life Cycle Assessment (LCA) have been simultaneously used to test and validate the redesign process, thus fostering the substitution of the plastic ""open and close"" cap with a closing method entirely made of cardboard. Results shows how using an integrated decision-making system at the design stage have allowed to get up many benefits at multiple levels, including sustainable and safe supply chain, efficient logistic operations, better recyclability, and lower energy consumption. Moreover, even if it cannot be assessed by the existing tools, the solution provides a strong contribution to the reduction in the consumption of plastics and the prevention of marine pollution."
"AB Urban upbringing has been associated with greater risk for psychotic experiences, though research is needed to confirm whether this is true in the U.S., and whether the association depends on race, type of experience, and region of the country. We analyzed data from the National Comorbidity Survey Replication (White respondents only) and the National Survey of American Life (Black respondents). Multivariable logistic regression models found that urban upbringing was not significantly associated with lifetime psychotic experiences for Whites, but was significantly associated with lower odds for Blacks, adjusting for socio-demographic covariates and common mental disorders. Rural upbringing was associated with greater odds of lifetime auditory hallucinatory experi-ences for Blacks. Exploratory analyses suggested growing up in a large city or 'other' environment were associated with greater odds of lifetime psychotic experiences among Whites currently residing in the Northeast, but lower odds among Whites residing in the South. For Blacks currently residing in the West, rural upbringing was associated with significantly greater odds of lifetime psychotic experiences when compared with growing up in a large city. White and Blacks may have different lived experiences in urban and rural settings, calling for more raceand locationspecific research to explain these diverging patterns."
"AB The container shipping industry faces many interrelated challenges and opportunities, as its role in the global trading system has become increasingly important over the last decades. On the one side, collaboration between port terminals and shipping liners can lead to costs savings and help achieve a sustainable supply chain, and on the other side, the optimization of operations and sailing times leads to reductions in bunker consumption and, thus, to fuel cost and air emissions reductions. To that effect, there is an increasing need to address the integration opportunities and environmental issues related to container shipping through optimization. This paper focuses on the well known Berth Allocation Problem (BAP), an optimization problem assigning berthing times and positions to vessels in container terminals. We introduce a novel mathematical formulation that extends the classical BAP to cover multiple ports in a shipping network under the assumption of strong cooperation between shipping lines and terminals. Speed is optimized on all sailing legs between ports, demonstrating the effect of speed optimization in reducing the total time of the operation, as well as total fuel consumption and emissions. Furthermore, the model implementation shows that an accurate speed discretization can result in far better economic and environmental results. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB The aim of this article is to develop research propositions for product returns management using the Institutional Theory (INT) as the foundation for the study. The paper culminates with a research model based on this theoretical perspective to examine the input and output of product returns management as part of a comprehensive sustainability effort. The study is exploratory in nature based on five case studies of participating manufacturers in the automotive, and electrical and electronics industry in Malaysia. The interview results reveal that the five participating companies established a product returns management program to handle three types of product returns found in their organizations. This is not surprising because-successful product returns management has a number of internal and external benefits to the firms. Our interviews also uncover that the abundant amount of product returns is pressing these companies to implement an effective product returns management program. Based on the primary and secondary data collected in this study, three propositions are developed for future research, which should be tested with a large empirical data set to strengthen the theoretical contributions and managerial implications of this study. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB The present study uses a large group decision-making technique to identify and rank the best big data-driven circular economy (BDDCE) practices in the auto-component industry. The data pertaining to the BDDCE practices were collected from the decision-makers in three groups, namely, purchasing, manufacturing, and logistics & marketing function from the auto-component manufacturing industry. First, the consensus on the BDDCE practices within the group was ascertained followed by determining the decision weights using the percentage distributions and subjective weights. This was followed by the by computing the dominance degrees on pairwise comparisons of the BDDCE practices and ranking them using the PROMETHEE II method. The findings indicated that the BDDCE practices that were more inclined towards the enhancement of internal supply chain integration were most preferred and highly ranked by the decisionmakers in the auto-component industry as compared to the practices that were focused on improving the supplier and customer interfaces such as green purchasing, sale of excess inventory, and developing recycling systems for end-of-life products and materials . The high ranked BDDCE practices included minimization of the raw material consumption, plan for reuse, recycle, recovery of material, parts, and reduction of the process waste at the design stage."
"AB This study carried out a systematic literature review and content analysis to identify the state of the art and the strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, and threats (SWOT analysis) of organic waste management through circular economy (CE) principles and created a research agenda on the topic. The main threats and weaknesses were: logistic cost and supply chain management; seasonality; availability and lack of homogenization of the raw material (organic waste); quality and efficiency of the alternative product, which is not economically competitive with traditional ones; and lack of technical standards and regulation. The main strengths were: the possibility to turn waste streams into valuable resources, contributing to environmental improvement and greenhouse gas emission reduction and costs reduction; stimulation of cooperative projects and production of bio-based chemicals and energy; and job creation and new investment opportunities as the result of the development of a new business model and a new value chain based on organic waste, boosting companies that focus on green solutions. The proposed research agenda concentrated on emerging value chains and modifying existing business models, legislation and taxation to aid in the competitiveness of alternative materials derived from organic waste in a CE perspective. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB The integration of operational decisions of different supply chain functions is an important success factor in minimizing their total costs. Traditionally, supply chain optimization has merely concentrated on costs or the economic aspects of sustainability, neglecting its environmental and social aspects. However, with the growing concern towards green operations, the impact of short term decisions on the reduction of carbon emissions can no longer be overlooked. In this paper, we aim to compare the effect of operational decisions not only on costs but also on emissions, and we reassess some well-known logistic optimization problems under new objectives. We study two integrated systems dealing with production, inventory, and routing decisions, in which a commodity produced at the plant is shipped to the customers over a finite time horizon. These two problems are known as the production-routing and the inventory-routing problems. We define and measure several metrics under different scenarios, namely by minimizing total costs, routing costs only, or minimizing emissions. Each solution is evaluated under all three objective functions, and their costs and business performance indicators are then compared. We provide elaborated sensitivity analyses allowing us to gain useful managerial insights on the costs and emissions in integrated supply chains, besides important insights on the cost of being environmentally friendly."
"AB Supply Chains are complex networks that demand for decision supporting tools that can help the involved decision making process. Following this need the present paper studies the supply chain design and planning problem and proposes an optimization model to support the associated decisions. The proposed model is a Mixed Integer Linear Multi-objective Programming model, which is solved through a Simulated Annealing based multi-objective meta-heuristics algorithm - MBSA. The proposed algorithm defines the location and capacities of the supply chain entities (factories, warehouses and distribution centers) chooses the technologies to be installed in each production facility and defines the inventory profiles and material flows during the planning time horizon. Profit maximization and environmental impacts minimization are considered. The algorithm, MBSA, explores the feasible solution space using a new Local Search strategy with a Multi-Start mechanism. The performance of the proposed methodology is compared with an exact approach supported by a Pareto Frontier and as main conclusions it can be stated that the proposed algorithm proves to be very efficient when solving this type of complex problems. Several Key Performance Indicators are developed to validate the algorithm robustiveness and, in addition, the proposed approach is validated through the solution of several instances. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB The obesity pandemic is associated with increased consumption of restaurant food. Labeling of menus is an intervention used to provide consumers with kilocalorie (calorie) information in hopes of them making healthier food choices. This study evaluated the relationship between young adults' calorie choices on restaurant menus and menu design, dietary behaviors, and demographic characteristics. A 3 (fast-casual restaurants) x 4 (menu-designs based on menu engineering theories) between-subjects (n = 480, 18-24-year olds) experimental design was used. The relationship between the participants' calorie choices (high versus low) and menu design, stage of change, gender, race, educational level and weight status was evaluated using logistic regression. All independent variables had at least one category that had greater odds (CI 95% +/- 5%) of subjects choosing a lower calorie entree, except education level and race/ethnic group. Normal weight and overweight subjects had greater odds of choosing lower calorie entrees than those that were obese. In addition, subjects that had started to control their calorie intake for less than six months or had sustained this change for at least six months, had greater odds of choosing lower calorie entrees compared to others. Including a green symbol and calories on fast casual restaurant menus may influence some young adults to choose lower calorie entrees."
"AB This study identifies the determinants of the empty taxi trip duration (ETTD) by combining three high-resolution databases-geolocation data in New York City, geodatabase of urban planning data, and transportation facilities data. Considering the nature of duration data, hazard-based duration model is proposed to explore the relationships between causal factors and ETTD, coupling with three variations of baseline hazard distribution, i.e., Weibull distribution with heterogeneity, Weibull distribution, and log-logistic. Furthermore, the likelihood ratio test is presented to implement comparisons of three baseline hazard distributions, as well as spatial and temporal transferability of causal factors. The results show significant complementary effects by subway system and competitive effects by city bus and bicycling system, as well as significant impacts of trip length, airport trip, average annual income, and employment rate. Urban built environment, for instance, density of road, public facilities, and recreational sites and ratio of green space, has various impacts on ETTD. The elasticity estimations confirm significant spatial and temporal heterogeneity in impacts on ETTD. In addition, the analysis on elasticity also reveals the considerable impacts of severe traffic congestion on ETTD within Manhattan. The modeling can assist stakeholders in understanding empty taxi movements and measuring taxi system efficiency in urban areas."
"AB The paper presents results from a study of urban freight measures in the city of Oslo. More specifically, it presents methods and results from an ex ante study of seven potential city logistics measures. The study is based on a survey among 67 representatives from three stakeholder groups. Furthermore, a generic ex post evaluation framework is presented, and an example of how the framework has been applied to evaluate a demonstration of electric distribution vehicles."
"AB Facing the need to address environmental issues of our society and individual customer needs and wants along with the trend of offering hybrids of services and products, the ability to efficiently design hybrid offerings is imperative to provide high levels of added value. This ability is much needed throughout the industry, while this type of design is highly challenging due to its high complexity. To date, however, there have been only a few proposals for methods that tackle this challenge at the conceptual design stage. This article proposes a model, a method, and a computerized tool that together support the conceptual design of families of product/service systems (PSSs). First, a PSS family model is presented and then implemented as an add-on to an existing computer-aided design (CAD) tool. Next, a method building upon the model and lean principles is developed as a design procedure. The software and the method are verified through an industrial example of designing a family of logistic services. The proposed model, method, and tool were found effective for describing different key elements of PSS family design. The power of the CAD tool was also demonstrated by taking advantage of a database of model building blocks and semi-automatic calculations."
"AB Recent advancements in computer vision have provided opportunities for new applications in agriculture. Accurate yield estimation of fruit and vegetable crops is very important for better harvesting and marketing planning and logistics. This paper proposes a method for detecting the maturity levels (green, orange, and red) of fresh market tomatoes (Roma and Pear varieties) by combining the feature color value with the backpropagation neural network (BPNN) classification technique. A maturity detection device based on computer vision technology was designed specifically to acquire the tomato images in the lab. The tomato images were processed and the targets of the tomatoes were obtained based on the image processing technology. After that, the maximum inscribed circle of the tomato's surface was identified as the color feature extraction area. The color feature extraction area was divided into five concentric circles (sub-domains). The average hue values of each sub-region were extracted as the feature color values and used to describe the maturity level of the samples. After that, the five feature color values were imported to the BPNN as input values to detect the maturity of the tomato samples. Analysis of the results shows that the average accuracy for detecting the three maturity levels of tomato samples using this method is 99.31%; and the standard deviation is 1.2%."
"AB Background: The United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) currently recommends that young adults consume 2.5-3 cups of vegetables daily, while also providing weekly recommendations for 5 vegetable subgroups: dark green, red and orange, beans and peas, starchy, and other. Purpose: The purpose of this study was to explore theory-based determinants of consumption for 5 USDA vegetable subgroups among college students. Methods: Operationalizing the integrative model of behavioral prediction (IMB), a survey was developed and distributed online to college students (n = 386). Linear regression models were used to predict behavioral intentions of each subgroup with attitudes, perceived norms, and perceived behavioral control (PBC), and logistic regression models predicted whether students met (or did not meet) recommendations, with intentions and PBC. Results: Collectively, IBM constructs accounted for 40.5%-54.6% of the variance of intentions and 14.2%-44.3% of the variance of each subgroup. Discussion: Research exploring determinants of vegetable subgroups is rarely done. This study demonstrated that young adults hold different beliefs about subgroups, and theory-based determinants of subgroups vary. Translation to Health Education Practice: Vegetable consumption is associated with many health benefits, and understanding significant theory-based determinants of each subgroup can help future practitioners develop targeted and tailored programs that promote vegetable quantity and variety."
"AB During the past decades bananas were imported to Europe in reefer vessels. Often, these vessels returned to Central America empty. This resulted in high carbon emissions and high costs. Therefore, importers switched to reefer containers which are shipped to Europe by liner cargo services. However, the amount of spoiled bananas increased with that change. Now a research project has developed the so called ""Intelligent Container"". This Intelligent Container is able to calculate the green life of its cargo and this leads to the feasibility of quality driven distribution. Thus, the losses of bananas should be decreased and both transport costs and carbon emissions be reduced even further."
"AB Foodborne pathogens are a major contributor to foodborne illness worldwide. The adaptation of a more quantitative risk-based approach, with metrics such as Food safety Objectives (FSO) and Performance Objectives (PO) necessitates quantitative inputs from all stages of the food value chain. The potential exists for utilization of big data, generated through digital transformational technologies, as inputs to a dynamic risk management concept for food safety microbiology. The industrial revolution in Internet of Things (IoT) will leverage data inputs from precision agriculture, connected factories/logistics, precision healthcare, and precision food safety, to improve the dynamism of microbial risk management. Furthermore, interconnectivity of public health databases, social media, and e-commerce tools as well as technologies such as blockchain will enhance traceability for retrospective and real-time management of foodborne cases. Despite the enormous potential of data volume and velocity, some challenges remain, including data ownership, interoperability, and accessibility. This paper gives insight to the prospective use of big data for dynamic risk management from a microbiological safety perspective in the context of the International Commission on Microbiological Specifications for Foods (ICMSF) conceptual equation, and describes examples of how a dynamic risk management system (DRMS) could be used in real-time to identify hazards and control Shiga toxin-producing Escherichia coli risks related to leafy greens."
"AB Objective: To analyse the rate of therapeutic nonadherence in patients who experience early readmissions, and identify the factors associated with nonadherence."
AB Purpose - The purpose of this paper is to examine the relationship between sustainable operations practices (SOP) and performance.
"AB Sustainable freight transportation is aimed at reducing environmental emissions and social inequity along with economic inefficiency to drive the business. Lack of a continuous sustainability assessment and monitoring tool increases the reluctance of freight transporters to adopt world-class sustainability practices. This paper attempts to develop the performance index for a sustainable freight transportation system by innovatively integrating the Consensus Model (CM) with the Fuzzy Evidential Reasoning Algorithm (FERA). A CM has been used to determine the degree of importance of each Key Performance Indicators identified across three dimensions of sustainability. FERA has been used to aggregate subjective judgments with crisp quantitative values. This approach has a unique capability to handle various uncertainties related to impreciseness in decision-making. This study has demonstrated the use of an integrated approach for developing a performance index of the freight transportation system. Sensitivity Analysis of the model provides logical inferences and an understanding of the robustness of the model outputs. It can be interpreted from the results of the study that the firms with higher profitability in the market are focusing more on making their operations sustainable. A proportionate approach of firms towards the economic, environment, and societal well-being, may assist in achieving higher sustainability."
AB Purpose: We here describe the clinical features of eyes with polypoidal choroidal vasculopathy (PCV) that exhibited good visual acuity (VA) over one year without additional treatment.
"AB Epidemiologic data suggest that green tea consumption may protect against certain cancers, but no previous study has examined myelodysplastic syndromes (MDS). A hospital-based case-control study was conducted in China in 2012-2013 to investigate the association between tea intake and the risk of de novo MDS in adults. The study included 208 cases aged 19-85 years with MDS and 208 controls individually matched to the cases by gender, 5-year age group and residential locality. Odds ratios (ORs) were estimated using conditional logistic regression. Compared with non-tea drinkers, the adjusted ORs (95% confidence intervals) for all MDS combined were 0.39(0.20-0.74), 0.45(0.25-0.79), and 0.40(0.21-0.77) for those who consumed tea >20 years, >= 2 cups daily, and dried tealeaves >= 750g per annum, respectively. Significant dose-response trends were observed across all the measures. The inverse association existed in both genders, in the refractory anemia with excessive blasts subtype, in cytogenetic 'good' and 'intermediated/poor' prognosis groups, and in the International Prognostic Scoring System lower and higher risk groups, but not in the refractory cytopenia with multilineage dysplasia subtype. The study suggests that regular tea consumption reduces the risk of de novo MDS in the Chinese population. (C) 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB The work develops an analysis based on integrated perception of landscape and soundscape in urban forests (UF) to classify recreational suitability at spatial level. Scientific literature stresses a lack of decision support systems allowing for management of cultural ecosystem services in UF. An innovative approach grounded on landscape and soundscape's individual perceptions are implemented to cope with this need. Geographic Information System, virtual reality and psychoacoustic parameters are merged to allow for an improved elicitation of willingness to visit UF. Geostatistical methods and the use of the Street View application enable for spatialization of output. The test area is located in an urban park of the city of Florence (Italy). Results stress the importance of logistics and tree variables (e.g., density) to assess the cultural service in the case of visual perception. Natural and people-related sounds as well as aural loudness seem to be significant for integrated perception, in addition to visual parameters. The open-source approach applied in the research can simplify replication to other case studies and the updating of the output. Future improvement and integration of the work for UF recreational planning are suggested."
"AB Deceleration of economic growth is a characteristic feature of developed countries. Percentage gross domestic product (GDP) growth rate in the old Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) countries has decreased approximately 2-3 times over the last 50 years, and countries have managed successfully to adopt this trend. The largest reduction of GDP growth rate was observed in countries such as Japan where the biocapacity exceedance was the largest. In addition, the analysis of long-term changes of GDP and self-reported life satisfaction in developed countries supports Easterlin's paradox indicating that richer people do not feel more satisfied with their lives; however, people from countries with higher per capita GDP feel more satisfied. At the same time, a statistically insignificant correlation was detected between GDP growth rate and life satisfaction, supporting a conclusion that in the developed countries further economic growth does not increase people's well-being. This suggests that decelerating the rate of economic growth gradually approaching the zero growth (steady state) phase is the natural way towards sustainability and it does not contradict the well-being objective in developed countries, especially ones with high biocapacity exceedance. (C) 2018 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB The fall of the Iron Curtain created a vacuum upon which large-scale collectivized agriculture was largely abandoned. Post-agricultural brownfields emerge in multiple manners across national, regional and local levels. While these sites remain rarely explored, we aimed to better understand the spatial consequences of the formation, persistence and reuse of these sites. The regions of South Bohemia and South Moravia in the Czech Republic are used to show the location of post-agricultural brownfields identified in 2004 through 2018. Using Global Moran's I test we have found that post-agricultural brownfields existing in 2004, long-term brownfields in 2018 and brownfields established between 2004 and 2018 are spatially clustered, but remediated brownfields between 2004 and 2018 are not. Next, the Anselin's Local Moran's I test identified where the spatial clusters exist. The clusters identified were examined for differences in their social, economic and environmental development by the means of logistic regression. The results show that the brownfields initially identified in 2004 are concentrated in regions with lower quality agricultural land while simultaneously located in the hinterlands of regional urban centers. In contrast, peripheral regions most often contained long-term brownfields. Brownfield sites identified after 2004 occurred in regions with higher agricultural quality of land and where corn usually grows."
"AB Multimodal transport can bring the technical and economic advantages in different transportation modes into full play. While ensuring the level of service, it can reduce energy consumption and transport costs. Governments of most countries are actively promoting it. Therefore, it has become a research hot spot. Being a green, fast, and all-day transport mode, railways play an important role in multimodal transport. This article aims to analyze a multimodal transport service quality indicator system involving railways from the perspectives of customers, multimodal service providers, and governments. Qualitative and quantitative research methods were adopted to analyze the secondhand data of academic papers, government policy, and industry reports to clarify the quality characteristics of multimodal transport services. Using grounded theory and to analyze firsthand data from in-depth interviews with multimodal transport practitioners, 25 evaluation indicators of container multimodal transport service quality were chosen to be the evaluation index system. To test and improve the evaluation scale, 270 valid questionnaires were analyzed using SPSS 24.0 and AMOS 21.0 software, including reliability analysis, exploratory factor analysis, and confirmatory factor analysis. The results show that all the indicators meet the standard requirements and have good reliability and validity."
"AB The retail industry is one of the top 10 most carbon-intensive sectors. This paper is original in addressing what has changed in corporate retail with the Paris Agreement, accessing trends to decarbonize the sector. A qualitative comparison was performed regarding the policy, strategy and energy-related building solutions of the top 27 global retailers, ranked according to their revenue, regarding the reporting periods of 2014-2015 and 2016-2017. For each retailer, data were searched on retailers' sustainability reports was organized in different tables according to the variables policy, strategy and energy-related building practice. A comparison analysis was carried out, in order to identify differentiating decarbonizing measures."
"AB Mexican citrus-growers observe the Brazilian citrus-industry as an example about dealing against HLB, the most of this kind devastating disease worldwide. The purpose of this paper is to propose a strategy to manage and control HLB in Mexico. From the Brazilian advise, four scenarios (A, B, C, y D) to manage and control this disease were evaluated, in order to determine if adopting this approach is feasible to Colima and other Mexican citrus-growers states, assuming similar agronomic, economic and biological citrus conditions. The Benefit-Cost Ratio (BCR), the present value of expenses and incomes, and the Net Present Value (NPV) were estimated. The scenarios were evaluated through a model, which was built up from the fitting of two logistic models and a Gompertz model, for forecasting citrus tree productivity, severity and disease spread. The best fit for Colima's key lime growers is scenario D with a BCR of 10.9. Scenario D is the one that kept the highest BCR, under changes in price and interest rate. Similarly to Brazil, many Mexican citrus-regions are at risk of being affected by HLB, this paper provides a sense on which strategies are the best to apply in uninfected citrus-regions in Colima and other states within Mexico."
"AB The increasing demand for plastic products continues to result in a growing tonnage of plastic packaging waste with significant environmental consequences. Circular economy models are established to overcome the resource and environmental challenges caused by this increase. In the literature, the evaluation of how the plastic packaging value chain can be enhanced by circular economy practices remains underexplored. This paper aims to explore the impact of three circular economy models on the European plastic packaging value chain, covering circular economy strategies:, (i) promoting cross-sectoral valorization of plastic wastes through IS, (ii) improvement in recycling efficiency of wastes within the plastics sector, and (iii) introduction of a new bio-based biodegradable plastic product. Three linear single-objective optimization models were developed for maximization of environmental benefits and circularity, to assess how European plastics wastes supply chains could be made more circular by 2025. The results show that if better upcycling options including industrial symbiosis can be identified and established in the future, in addition to the composting as a viable End of Life option, plastic packaging value chain can create higher environmental benefits. Also, all circular economy strategies contribute to the improvement of circularity."
"AB This paper examines the connection between immigration status, English language proficiency, and educational achievement as determinants of poverty among Mexico-born migrants in Chicago, U.S. The theoretical framework of the study uses Human Capital Theory and the analysis is based on a multi-stage cluster probabilistic sample (2005-2006) of Mexican migrants obtained in Cook County which includes the City of Chicago. Analyses of contingency tables and logistic regression models show that the most relevant connections occur between poverty and immigration status as well as between poverty and English language proficiency. Thus, Mexican immigrants with citizenship status, work permits, or residency permits (""green cards"") and Mexican immigrants with high English language proficiency have a lower probability to be below the poverty threshold than their counterparts. The analysis of the sample's educational achievement in Mexico shows that these immigrants tend to have low levels of education and that the problems associated with school dropout among Mexican migrants extends below high school. Similarly, the educational achievement obtained in the U.S. is significantly low among the individuals in the sample. These results point to the plight of the large levels of undocumented workers with low English proficiency and suggest the existence of structural problems that impede significant returns to human capital investments on Mexican education in the U.S. labor market."
"AB The aim of this study is to examine the extent to which product returns motivate manufacturing firms to adopt closed-loop supply chain activities that influence the effectiveness of reverse supply chains. The hypotheses have been tested using data from a sample of 150 environmental management system ISO 14001 certified manufacturing firms in Malaysia through the census sampling approach. The results of the empirical test using LISREL Version 8.70 for the structural equation modeling support the fundamental explanation of the influence of the institutional forces towards the adoption of closed-loop supply chain activities and the effectiveness that can be reaped by the manufacturing firms from their adoption. These findings extend the prior research through the verification from the empirical survey on the importance of product returns in the adoption of closed-loop supply chain activities, which eventually impacts the firm's effectiveness in the reverse supply chain. The findings also help managers to understand the factors that can improve the outcome of the adoption of closed-loop supply chain activities by intensifying the extent of involvement in product returns, which provides a valuable insight about a significant predictor of firm performance in reverse flow chains. (C) 2017 Published by Elsevier Ltd."
"AB This study investigated the travel characteristics and influential factors of travel mode choice for healthcare activity by the elderly in core area and suburb. The results of descriptive analysis and multinomial logistic models show that: (1) Bus and walking are main modes for the elderly to seek medical treatment. The elderly in suburb travel longer distance and are more dependent on bus than those in core area. (2) The service efficiency improvements of hospitals could promote the elderly in core area to choose green modes, while those in suburb are more likely to utilize cars to obtain high-quality medical resources. (3) For long-distance travel, the influence of family economic backgrounds on the mode choice is more significant in suburb, and the difference of family economic will further aggravate the internal differentiation in long-distance travel among the elderly in suburb. (4) Interestingly, the elderly in core area tend to utilize cars to seek for healthcare when they live with their offspring, while those in suburb tend to use cars and taxis when they have serious illness and require companion. Finally, relevant policies and suggestions were proposed to improve the accessibility and fairness of healthcare travel for the elderly."
"AB 5G promises many new vertical service areas beyond simple communication and data transfer. We propose cooperative passive coherent location (CPCL), a distributed MIMO radar service, which can be offered by mobile radio network operators as a service for public user groups. CPCL comes as an inherent part of the radio network and takes advantage of the most important key features proposed for 5G. It extends the well-known idea of passive radar (also known as passive coherent location, PCL) by introducing cooperative principles. These range from cooperative, synchronous radio signaling and MAC up to radar data fusion on the sensor and scenario levels. By using software-defined radio and network paradigms, as well as real-time mobile edge computing facilities intended for 5G, CPCL promises to become a ubiquitous radar service that may be adaptive, reconfigurable, and perhaps cognitive. As CPCL makes double use of radio resources (in terms of both frequency bands and hardware), it can be considered a green technology. Although we introduce the CPCL idea from the viewpoint of vehicle-to-vehicle/infrastructure communication, it can definitely also be applied to many other applications in industry, transport, logistics, and for safety and security applications."
"AB Purpose - The purpose of this paper is to determine agile supply chain management (ASCM) among SMEs in manufacturing-related services sector. The study propose that entrepreneurial orientation (EO), participative management style, supplier relations, resource management, just-in-time (JIT) methodology and technology utilization (TU) are several drivers of ASCM - an effective management decision-making approach."
"AB In recent years, data analytics in pharmaceutical supply chains has aroused much interest as it has the potential of enabling better supply and management of healthcare products by leveraging data generated by modern systems. This article presents the current state, opportunities, and challenges of data analytics in pharmaceutical supply chains through a systematic literature review surveying the Scopus, ScienceDirect, and Springerlink databases. 85 publications from 2012 to 2021 were reviewed and classified based on the research approach, objective addressed, and data used. The contributions of this paper are threefold: (i) it proposes a framework focused on challenges and data resources to assess the current state of data analytics in pharmaceutical supply chains; (ii) it provides examples of techniques exemplified that will serve as inspiring references; and (iii) it gathers and maps existing literature to identify gaps and research perspectives. Findings outlined that despite promising results from machine learning algorithms to address drug shortages and inventories optimisation, the various data resources have not yet been fully harnessed. Unstructured data have barely been used and combined with other types of information. New challenges related to green practices adoption and medicines supply during crises call for further applications of advanced analytics techniques."
"AB In order to better plan urban construction land, improve the efficiency of urban land use, and reduce the loss of people's lives and property caused by geological disasters, from the point of view of regional coordinated development, considering the geological environment assessment and land use types of planning areas, geographic information technology (GIS) is used in this study to reveal the coupling and coordination relationship between urban construction land and geological environment; and reasonable urban land use planning proposals are put forward. Through comprehensive analysis, urban planning land types are classified into four categories, which are residential and public facilities land, industrial and warehousing logistics land, supporting functional land, and ecological greening land. According to the requirements of various types of urban planning land for the quality of geological environment, and combined with the results of the coordinated zoning of urban construction geological environment, the corresponding urban construction suggestions are put forward respectively for the highly coordinated area, the basic coordinated area, the slightly imbalanced area, and the seriously imbalanced area of urban construction land and geological environment. Therefore, this study provides a scientific basis for the planning and layout, land use, disaster prevention, and mitigation of various cities in China, and is of great significance to the progress of urbanization in China."
"AB In this work, we analyzed the correlation between the canopy coverage of two commercial clones of Eucalyptus benthamii Maiden & Cambage and one of Eucalyptus dunnii Maiden and their shoot yields in a clonal mini-garden system. By canopy coverage, we referred to the area of a picture occupied by leaves (green area) when analyzed using computational resources. The mini-garden was set up to yield shoots on a regular time schedule (between 20 and 30 days) to obtain mini-cuttings for clonal propagation. Pictures were taken at approximately 30 cm above the upper leaves from the plots containing mini-stumps of each clone on the day before the collection of mini-cuttings for six consecutive harvests (approximately 6 months). The leaf coverage was obtained using the computational package Easy Leaf Area. Our results indicated a significantly high Pearson correlation coefficient (r = 0744, P < 0.001) between the canopy coverage and the number of shoots produced by each clone. A logistic regression model was adjusted to this dataset, enabling a prediction of the number of shoots based on the canopy coverage. This approach has the potential for assisting forest nurseries in predicting the yield of mini-cuttings while conducting clonal propagation of their genetic materials."
"AB Increasing agricultural productivity is critical to feed the ever-growing human population. Being linked intimately to plant health, growth and productivity, harnessing the plant microbiome is considered a potentially viable approach for the next green revolution, in an environmentally sustainable way. In recent years, our understanding of drivers, roles, mechanisms, along with knowledge to manipulate the plant microbiome, have significantly advanced. Yet, translating this knowledge to expand farm productivity and sustainability requires the development of solutions for a number of technological and logistic challenges. In this article, we propose new and emerging strategies to improve the survival and activity of microbial inoculants, including using selected indigenous microbes and optimising microbial delivery methods, as well as modem gene editing tools to engineer microbial inoculants. In addition, we identify multiple biochemical and molecular mechanisms and/approaches which can be exploited for microbiome engineering in situ to optimise plant-microbiome interactions for improved farm yields. These novel biotechnological approaches can provide effective tools to attract and maintain activities of crop beneficial microbiota that increase crop performance in terms of nutrient acquisition, and resistance to biotic and abiotic stresses, resulting in an increased agricultural productivity and sustainability."
"AB In spite of strong commitment of humanitarian and development communities with the protection of our planet, expressed through the Sustainable Development Goals in the Agenda 2030, environmental sustainability still remains an overlooked aspect in humanitarian supply chains (HSCs). Using a collaborative mixed-methods research with an international humanitarian organization, this paper sheds light on the causes of unsustainable operations in HSCs and investigates the impact of regional hubs on the environmental sustainability. First, an in-depth focus group was conducted involving the organization's employees and the research team to identify the main causes contributing to unsustainable HSC in the organization. Five categories of causes were identified, namely, supply chain configuration (SCC), transportation, donors, material and waste, and humanitarian specificities. Then, based on respondents' prioritization, SCC was selected as the most important category. Carbon footprinting for three SCC scenarios was conducted: the current SCC and two conceptual SCC with two hubs in East and West Africa with different replenishment windows. The results reveal that the SCCs with hubs outperform the current SCC in terms of carbon footprint. Finally, the challenges of implementing the conceptual SCCs and possible solutions to address them were discussed through follow-up individual interviews."
"AB Edge detection plays an important role in human vision, and although it is clear that there are luminance edge detectors, it is not known whether there are chromatic edge detectors as well. We showed observers a horizontal edge blurred by a Gaussian filter (with widths of sigma = 0.1125, 0.225, or 0.45 degrees) embedded in blurred Brown noise. Observers had to choose which of two stimuli contained the edge. Brown noise was used in preference to white noise to reveal localized edge detectors. Edges and noise were defined by either luminance or chromatic contrast (isoluminant L/M and S-cone opponent). Classification image analysis was applied to observer responses. In this analysis, the random components of the stimulus are correlated with observer responses to reveal a template that shows how observers weighted different parts of the stimulus to arrive at their decision. We found classification images for both luminance and isoluminant chromatic stimuli that had shapes very similar to derivatives of Gaussian filters. The widths of these classification images tracked the widths of the edges, but the chromatic edge classification images were wider than the luminance ones. These results are consistent with edge detection filters sensitive to luminance contrast and isoluminant chromatic contrast."
"AB Much of what we know about the safe sex practices of people who pay for sexual services (clients) remains firmly grounded in empirical and interpretive tendencies to overemphasise the causal link between social, cultural or individual characteristics and sexual decision-making. In this study we apply Adam Green's Bourdieu-inspired sexual fields theory to examine the ways in which safe sex practices are interdependently shaped by social, personal and interpersonal forces. Using data from 697 questionnaires and 24 semi-structured interviews with Canadian clients, we implemented a series of six additive logistic regression models and contextualised the results with the interview data to reveal the relational interdependencies of intra-psychic, macro, meso and micro-level factors related to safe sex practices. The questionnaire responses and interview data used in the study were gathered from a diverse sample of clients who were over the age of 19, had paid money for sexual services on one or more occasions during their lifetime and who resided in Canada at the time of participation. Our results illustrate the ways in which factors related to the venue where sexual acts take place, clients' relationships with commercial and non-commercial partners and personal choices related to substance use interdependently inform safe sex practices."
"AB Compared to the traditional public housing program, the Low-Income Housing Tax Credit (LIHTC) program has been regarded as a better tool to ensure the quality of housing structure for subsidized households and the mixing of incomes in neighborhoods. Previous studies related to LIHTC developments have solely focused on the relationships between subsidized households and socioeconomic environments, such as income, race, poverty, etc. Beyond the socioeconomic environments where subsidized households are located, there is a limited understanding about whether subsidized households experience healthier natural environments in their neighborhoods. This study aims to investigate whether LIHTC-subsidized housing neighborhoods provide adequate natural environments to the subsidized households in Austin, Texas, compared to the public housing households. We employ comparison t-tests and binomial logistic regression models. The results show that LIHTC households are significantly exposed to unhealthy natural environmental settings such as a lack of green vegetation and steep slopes while no statistical evidence is reported for public housing neighborhoods. Findings from this study may help policymakers and planners improve their understanding of whether subsidized housing developments offer better natural environments for disadvantaged populations and help them develop effective environmental intervention strategies to improve the quality of life of subsidized households."
"AB Biomass, which its conversion into greener bio-based products, is able to achieve a more balanced carbon cycle through circular utilisation. The development of biomass industry, therefore, appears to be one priority area and is an important step to motivate the global circular economy and sustainability. However, due to the existence of commercialisation barriers, the biomass industry in developing country, such as Malaysia, is not on par with the increment of the country's gross domestic product. This paper overviews the barriers of development and challenges encountered by the biomass industry in Malaysia. Challenges are classified into four barrier categories, i.e., (i) technical barrier, (ii) financial barrier, (iii) social awareness barrier and (iv) misunderstanding and gaps between stakeholders. Based on the barriers identified, recommendations which embrace the areas of technology innovation, logistics management, interaction between academia and industry, policy and enforcement, social impact and international benchmarking, are proposed. These recommendations can act as good references for the development of biomass industry in Malaysia and reflection for other developing countries with biomass resources in the promotion of sustainability and commercialisation of biomass products. The role of the five key stakeholders in commercialising the biomass technologies are highlighted in this review."
"AB Flavonoid pigments are key determinants of flower colors. As absorption spectra of flavonoids are known to be severely pH-dependent, cellular pH will play a crucial role in flower coloration. The flavonoids are concentrated in the vacuoles of the flowers' epidermal cells, and thus the pigments' absorption spectra are modulated by the vacuolar pH. Here we study the pH dependence of flavonoid absorption spectra in extracts from flowers of two poppy species Papaver dubium (red) and Meconopsis cambrica (orange), and a white and red Mandevilla sanderi variety. In the red poppy and Mandevilla flowers, absorption spectra of the cyanidin- and pelargonidin-based anthocyanins peak in the blue-green-wavelength range at low pH, but exhibit a distinct bathochromic shift at higher pH. This shift to longer wavelengths is not found for the blue-absorbing nudicaulin derivatives of M. cambrica, which have a similar absorption spectrum at low and high pH. The pH-dependent absorption changes of the white M. sanderi's flavonoid remained restricted to the UV. An analysis of the spectra with logistic functions suggests that the pH-dependent characteristics of the basic states of flavonols and anthocyanins are related. The implications of tuning of pH and pigment absorption spectra for studies on flower color evolution are discussed."
"AB Purpose: Coffee and black tea are among the most consumed beverages worldwide. Although their potential role in lung cancer occurrence has been investigated in several studies, results have been inconclusive. We investigated the associations between intake of coffee and black tea with lung cancer in a population-based case-control study in Montreal, Canada."
"AB Environmental consciousness has become a significant aspect at various levels of product design. In the recent years, by and large industries are focusing towards environment conscious products. Quantitative analysis of energy consumption and waste generation from any product is directly related to the supply chain management of the product. Hence, the selection of most suitable supplier from the pool of available suppliers is emerged as an important multi attribute (multi objective, multi criteria, multi factor) decision making (MADM) problem. This research paper addresses the supplier selection problem from the perspective of supply analysis, logistic analysis, process analysis, use analysis and, recycle analysis for calculating environmental impact of a product. Based on the associated environmental importance of a product a procedure based on fuzzy framework is used for ranking and selecting the best suitable supplier from its environmental perspective. A multi preference fuzzy relationship model is introduced to incorporate the uncertainty in the decision making by the decision maker. Finally, a solution procedure based on OWA (Ordered Weighted Averaging) aggregation operator is developed. The proposed methodology has been discussed along with an illustrative examples. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB The following paper was developed with a view to identifying the relationship between Sustainable Development and Operational Excellence concepts and to assess the state-of-the-art in Operational Excellence within Sustainable Development concept. Highly unstable business environments and opportunities occurring in the market require a specific approach and knowledge to achieve success. It is the authors' view that improvements in the delivery of sustainable results through social, environmental, and economic responsibility is possible thanks to modern management concepts, strategies, and tools. These activities and approaches, when properly incorporated, significantly support the functioning of businesses in a responsible and profitable way. This paper outlines a systematic literature review of the subject described above. The literature review has been conducted with the use of two databases: Web of Science and Scopus. The results of the analysis show that there is a visible connection between Operational Excellence and Sustainable Development concepts. On the basis of the review, one can notice a strong relationship between Operational Excellence and management concepts, e.g., Lean Management. Nevertheless, the input of the selected articles based on abstract analysis compared to the whole compilation concerning Sustainable Development shows that there is a gap. The authors believe that this topic is interesting and worth further analysis."
"AB As an advanced form of green economic development, remanufacturing is gaining attention because of its significant environmental, economic and social benefits. Many countries have formulated relevant policies to support the development of remanufacturing industry for a more sustainable society. As a strategic emerging industry, China's remanufacturing industry has made rapid progress driven by government policies in recent years. This research critically analyzes the management institutions and policy system for the development of remanufacturing industry in China. China's remanufacturing policy system, including one National Law, one Regulation of the State Council, 166 Documents of the State Council and the Ministries and Commissions, is comprehensively reviewed. These policies reflect current issues and set future directions for remanufacturing in China through comparison with the policy of the U.S., Europe and Japan. Suggestions for further improvements are made accordingly. These include: defining clear and specific responsibility of management institutions, modifying the legal and standards system, launching tax incentives for remanufactured products, establishing a standardized reverse logistics system, strengthening the publicity and promotion of remanufactured products, as well as enhancing consumer awareness. This research comprehensively depicts the overall picture of remanufacturing industry in China from the policy and institutional perspective. These findings are useful for the development of remanufacturing in other industrializing countries."
"AB In terms of 2-D compressive sensing (CS), multi-embedding strategy and chaotic systems, a novel color image encryption scheme to generate visually meaningful cipher image is proposed in this paper. Firstly, red, green and blue components of color image are compressed to obtain measurement value matrices by virtue of 2-D CS, respectively. Next, the assembled measurement value matrix is shuffled in bit and pixel level and diffused to get a compressed cipher image. Subsequently, two embedding methods are presented to get visually meaningful color or grayscale cipher image by embedding cipher image into color or grayscale carrier image. Compared with volume of plain image, that of carrier image and final cipher image has reduced more than 50%. Moreover, a 4-D hyperchaotic system is applied to generate measurement matrices and control pixel-level confusion, Logistic system is utilized to control bit-level confusion and produce key matrix combined with Local Binary Pattern (LBP), and their initial values are computed by SHA 256 hash value of plain image, which enhances the relationship between plain image and encryption process. Embedding hash value into carrier image prevents extra transmission and storage. Simulation results and security analyses demonstrate the effectiveness and security of the proposed algorithm. (C) 2020 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB In 2012, Norway and Sweden implemented a common market for tradable green certificates to achieve each country's renewable-energy target. This is the first example of a cooperation mechanism that the EU has suggested to improve the cost efficiency of its renewable-energy policies. We asked investors in 446 planned hydropower projects in Norway what type of barriers may prevent their project from being realized under this scheme, and how likely it is that their project will be realized. Based on a regression analysis we find that the responses to these questions vary systematically with investor, project and process characteristics. We find that investors are concerned with capacity barriers imposed on the market because of the short duration and abrupt termination of the subsidy scheme at the end of 2020. Consequently, the cost efficiency of this and similar schemes can be improved by choosing a better design. Moreover, experienced investors and local landowners without previous experience in the energy sector responded differently to these questions. Local landowners were more optimistic, less concerned with capacity barriers and more concerned with economic barriers than experienced investors were. These observations are interesting given the recent emergence of new investors in the renewable energy sector. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB The paper studies a closed loop supply chain (CLSC) focusing on managing, scheduling and routing problems to achieve economical and environmental sustainability. Generally, a logistic based green supply chain is studied to help multiple stakeholders. Here, we investigate the CLSC to reduce the total transportation cost including carbon emission from a heterogeneous fleet with limited capacity. The forward chain includes manufacturers, depots, distributors/collectors and customers. In the reverse chain, the distributors collect the returned items and sort into three groups through quality-screening and send them to the secondary chain facilities (emerging markets or decomposition centres) which one is fitted. This investigation is contributed by all the demonstrating issues through considering customers' demand, an extensive emission display and the vulnerability of an expanded convey of vehicles. The proposed model addresses four distinct environmental policies viz. cap, carbon tax, cap-and-purchase and cap-and-sale for carbon emission regulations. The model is formulated in the framework of mixed integer non-linear programming (MINLP), and an exact approach is employed to obtain the optimal solution. The theoretical results of the model are verified through numerical examples. A comprehensive analysis is presented to monitor the rate of return products and various fleet transporting parameters."
"AB E-bikes are becoming increasingly popular, and are given an important role in the green mobility of the future. However, some have raised concerns that the increased speed and the increased weight of the e-bike can lead to more accidents among cyclists riding an e-bike, as compared to conventional bicycles. Furthermore, it has been suggested that e-bikes may appeal to new groups of cyclists with little cycling experience, which may further impede cyclist safety. Previous research has not provided a clear picture. We investigate these questions with data from three surveys carried out in Norway (N = 7752). A logistic regression analysis comparing conventional and electric bicycles, controlling for age gender and exposure, shows an overall risk increase (all accidents) for e-bike users. The results suggest that this increased risk derives from females having a higher accident risk on e-bikes. For men there is no risk difference between e-bikes and conventional bikes. Some, but not all, of this elevated risk can be attributed to being unfamiliar with the bicycle. E-bikes are not more likely to cause serious accidents than conventional bicycles. In-depth analysis of accident causation showed that there was no difference in the factors leading to accidents, except that there was a somewhat higher prevalence of accidents resulting from balance problems with e-bikes."
"AB This work introduces the Fleet-size and Mix Pollution Location-Inventory-Routing Problem with Just-inTime replenishment policy and Capacity Planning. This problem extends the strategic-level decisions of classic LIRP by considering capacity selection decisions and heterogeneous fleet composition. An MIP formulation of this new complex combinatorial optimization problem is proposed and small-sized problem instances are solved using the CPLEX solver. For the solution of more realistic-sized problem instances, a General Variable Neighborhood Search (GVNS)-based framework is adopted. Novel adaptive shaking methods are proposed as intelligent components of the developed GVNS algorithms to further improve their performance. To evaluate the proposed GVNS schemes, several problem instances are randomly generated by following specific instructions from the literature and adopting real vehicles' parameters. Comparisons between these solutions and the corresponding ones achieved by CPLEX are made. The computational results indicate the efficiency of the proposed GVNS-based algorithms, with the best GVNS scheme to produce 7% better solutions than CPLEX for small problems. Finally, the economic and environmental impacts of using either homogeneous or heterogeneous fleet of vehicles are examined. (C) 2020 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Our study on selecting pisifera male parents aims at determining yield per palm as well as the optimal planting density of the tenera offspring. The data pattern came from dura x pisifera testcrosses, planted at 135 and 160 palms he in North Sumatra, Indonesia, from which the breeding values of 15 pisifera parents of Ghana origin are estimated. Optimal palm densities were assessed from the leaf surface at mature canopy, obtained from the product of number of green leaves with the (asymptotic) maximum leaf area (0.95 L-max), inferred from a logistic growth curve fitted through leaf area values versus palm age. The time to reach the optimum values ranged between 5.5 to 7.9 years after planting. Amount of light under the palms, measured by the vigor of Mucuna cover crop, scored 50 and 67 months after planting (cc-score), considerably varied among pisifera. The clear negative correlation between yield and cc-score reveals that male parents selected f or yield during the early years of production may generate tenera offspring palms that are highly lightcompetitive later on. To circumvent this drawback, this study suggests to select pisifera parents for yield per hectare at optimal palm density instead of yield per palm."
"AB Increasing occurrences of natural disturbances, including windstorms and high snow cover, and supply chain risks lead to severe irregularities in wood harvest and transport. To overcome resulting supply difficulties, innovative multimodal systems via rail terminals are promising options offering the potential to increase buffer capacity, improve supply chain resilience, and reduce greenhouse gas emissions. Therefore, a train terminal is included in a virtual simulation environment spanning the entire wood supply chain from forest to industry to test, analyze, and evaluate a complex multimodal system in different scenario settings. Furthermore, the simulation model provides intuitive decision support through animation and a cockpit of key performance indicators, facilitating hands-on workshops with supply chain managers. Results show the advantage of a combination of unimodal and multimodal transport in the wood supply chain of the observed case-study region. This combination proves to be resilient and outperforms other tested supply chain strategies by avoiding both bottlenecks and ill-timed plans and reducing carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions. Furthermore, workshops conducted with industry experts indicate that adapting collaborative supply chain control strategies by means of a participatory simulation environment enhances the development of advanced risk management and therefore improves supply chain resilience, efficiency, and sustainability."
"AB Accessibility is a crucial element reflecting the potential availability of parks. By conducing a cross-sectional study of 700 older adults sampled from 30 communities in Wuhan, China, we examine the association between the accessibility of parks and the health status of older adults. A varying two-step floating catchment area model was developed to measure the accessibility of parks for older adults that simultaneously considered the physical environment and sociopersonal context. Based on the results of a logistic regression analysis, older adults with the greatest access to parks experience significantly lower odds of cardio-cerebral vascular diseases, joint diseases and endocrine diseases than their counterparts with the least access to parks. The effects of the physical environment and sociopersonal context on the accessibility of parks and health status are also discussed. In general, these two factors jointly influence the potential alternatives to parks and participation in park-based activities among older adults and in turn affect the health benefits for older adults. This study provides empirical support for the role of parks in supporting healthy aging. It also emphasizes the need for more comprehensive economic planning strategies to improve park accessibility and promote healthy aging in transitional cities."
"AB Stopping behavior during yellow intervals is one of the critical driver behaviors correlated with intersection safety. As the main index of stopping behavior, stopping time is typically described by Accelerated Failure Time (AFT) model. In this study, the comparison of survival curves of stopping time confirms the existence of group specific effects on drivers. However, the AFT model is developed based on the homogeneity assumption. To overcome this drawback, shared frailty survival models are developed for stopping time analysis, which consider the group heterogeneity of drivers. The results show that log-logistic based frailty model with age as a grouping variable has the best goodness of fit and prediction accuracy. Analysis of the models' parameters indicates that phone status, maximum deceleration, vehicles' speed, and the distance to stopping line at the onset of the yellow signal have significant impacts on stopping time. Additionally, heterogeneity analysis illustrates that young, middle-aged, and female drivers are more likely to brake harshly and stop past the stop line, which may block the intersection. Furthermore, drivers, who are more familiar with traffic environments, are more possible to make reasonable stopping decisions approaching intersections. The results can be utilized by traffic authorities to implement road safety strategies, which will help reduce traffic incidents caused by improper stopping behavior at intersections."
"AB Supply chain research and practice has moved beyond green or environmental issues to include social issues. But much of the focus still remains on attempts of large companies to reduce social harm along their supply chains rather than creating social good. At the same time, research investigating the role of NGOs in supply chains or humanitarian logistics often emphasizes temporary initiatives and overlooks long-term viability. This conceptual paper seeks to expand the playing field by looking at how social enterprises manage their supply chains to generate social benefit while maintaining or improving their financial viability in the long term. Our contribution is to consider those socially motivated organizations that lie on the continuum between purely social and purely commercial enterprises. We consider how these organizations manage their supply chains for social impact and define this area as social impact supply chain management (SISCM). In this work, we view these organizations and managerial issues through the lens of institutional complexity, that is, the presence of multiple and possibly conflicting institutional logics in the focal organization. We propose that, for these organizations, supply chain strategy, stakeholder identification and engagement, and relationship management might differentiate SISCM from traditional supply chain management. And as a result, we offer future research directions that might add clarity to effective SISCM."
"AB The paper presents a study of log home manufacturing. Relationships between log conversion (i.e., processing) methods and manufacturer perspectives on their forest resources were investigated using multi-nomial logistic regression (MLR) models. Log conversion attributes and production volume were found to predict manufacturers' timber procurement methods, supply distance, timber performance requirements, influences on log conversion methods, and concern with market barriers to 'green' certification. Tree species utilization was a statistically significant independent variable in all of the predictive models. Other log conversion attributes (i.e., corner notch type, log profile, log type) and production volume were statistically significant independent variables in individual models. The results suggest systematic relationships between tree species utilization, processing technology, scale of production, and the local embeddedness of production. Manufacturers are categorized as higher-volume processors of raw logs acquired locally, producing products reflecting traditional regional design, or as lower-volume processors of cants acquired from a greater distance, producing less regionally associated products. The paper concludes by suggesting that specialty forest product manufacturers, processing raw logs, are a bridge between the forest resource and the final product and are, therefore, in a strategic position to impact forest conservation, ecological improvement, and other ecological modernization efforts."
"AB Land change models are amongst the most widely developed tools for spatial decision support. Despite this progress, only a few models have been created thus far that simulate urban growth that incorporate two important aspects of uncertainty inherent to land use dynamics: fuzziness and roughness. Combining fuzziness and roughness into models will enhance the use of these tools for decision support. This study applied and evaluated a fuzzy-based approach to the feature selection effects on the accuracy of a land change model. Fuzzy rough set theory (FRST) was employed here as feature selection method and was integrated with a support vector regression (SVR) algorithm to simulate urban growth of Tabriz mega city in northwest Iran. In order to apply feature selection to a FRST algorithm, incoming data has been first fuzzified by an adaptive neural fuzzy inference system (ANFIS). To evaluate the application of FRST, SVR was used with and without FRST (SVR and SVR-FRST), while for performance evaluation logistic regression (LR) and kernelled LR (KLR) models were integrated with and without FRST (LR, LR-FRST, KLR, and KLR-FRST). The accuracy of the simulated maps of all models were evaluated by calculating the overall accuracy (OA), true positive rate (TPR), true negative rate (TNR), total operating characteristic (TOC) and their area under curve (AUC). The results showed that integrating FRST with the above-mentioned models enhanced the overall performances based on the above criteria. Among the above mentioned models, SVM-FRST and KLR-FRST yielded the best goodness of fit measures. Moreover, SVM-FRST with 83.6% OA, 41.6% TPR, and 90.4% TNR performs better than KLR-FRST with 82.4% OA, 37.4% TPR, and 89.8% TNR. However, KLR-FRST has more AUC, less green area destruction, more barren to urban areas conversion, and fast tuning process related to SVR-FRST. Finally, we suggest that KLR-FRST and SVR-FRST are, among those evaluated, the most appropriate models for urban growth modelling of the Tabriz mega city of Iran when considering uncertainty."
"AB Tea has long been hypothesized to possess hypotensive effects. However, there is uncertainty regarding the association of tea consumption with arterial blood pressure (BP). We aimed to examine the association between tea consumption and BP components including systolic BP (SBP) and diastolic BP (DBP)."
"AB Background: Posthepatectomy liver failure is a worrisome complication after major hepatectomy for hepatocellular carcinoma and is the leading cause of postoperative mortality. Recommendations for hepatectomy for hepatocellular carcinoma are based on the risk of severe posthepatectomy liver failure, and accurately predicting posthepatectomy liver failure risk before undertaking major hepatectomy is of great significance. Thus, herein, we aimed to establish and validate an artificial neural network model to predict severe posthepatectomy liver failure in patients with hepatocellular carcinoma who underwent hemihepatectomy."
"AB Background Black alder (Alnus glutinosa) forests are in severe decline across their area of distribution due to a disease caused by the soil-borne pathogenic Phytophthora alni species complex (class Oomycetes), ""alder Phytopththora"". Mapping of the different types of damages caused by the disease is challenging in high density ecosystems in which spectral variability is high due to canopy heterogeneity. Data obtained by unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) may be particularly useful for such tasks due to the high resolution, flexibility of acquisition and cost efficiency of this type of data. In this study, A. glutinosa decline was assessed by considering four categories of tree health status in the field: asymptomatic, dead and defoliation above and below a 50% threshold. A combination of multispectral Parrot Sequoia and UAV unmanned aerial vehicles -red green blue (RGB) data were analysed using classical random forest (RF) and a simple and robust three-step logistic modelling approaches to identify the most important forest health indicators while adhering to the principle of parsimony. A total of 34 remote sensing variables were considered, including a set of vegetation indices, texture features from the normalized difference vegetation index (NDVI) and a digital surface model (DSM), topographic and digital aerial photogrammetry-derived structural data from the DSM at crown level. Results The four categories identified by the RF yielded an overall accuracy of 67%, while aggregation of the legend to three classes (asymptomatic, defoliated, dead) and to two classes (alive, dead) improved the overall accuracy to 72% and 91% respectively. On the other hand, the confusion matrix, computed from the three logistic models by using the leave-out cross-validation method yielded overall accuracies of 75%, 80% and 94% for four-, three- and two-level classifications, respectively. Discussion The study findings provide forest managers with an alternative robust classification method for the rapid, effective assessment of areas affected and non-affected by the disease, thus enabling them to identify hotspots for conservation and plan control and restoration measures aimed at preserving black alder forests."
"AB Sustainable development has become one of the leading global issues over the period of time. Currently, implementation of sustainability in supply chain has been continuously in center of attention due to introducing stringent legislations regarding environmental pollution by various governments and increasing stakeholders' concerns toward social injustice. Unfortunately, literature is still scarce on studies considering all three dimensions (economical, environmental and social) of sustainability for the supply chain. An effective supply chain network design (SCND) is very important to implement sustainability in supply chain. This study proposes an uncertain SCND model that minimizes the total supply chain-oriented cost and determines the opening of plants, warehouses and flow of materials across the supply chain network by considering various carbon emissions and social factors. In this study, a new AHP and fuzzy TOPSIS-based methodology is proposed to transform qualitative social factors into quantitative social index, which is subsequently used in chance-constrained SCND model with an aim at reducing negative social impact. Further, the carbon emission of supply chain is estimated by considering a composite emission that consists of raw material, production, transportation and handling emissions. In the model, a carbon emission cap is imposed on total supply chain to reduce the carbon footprint of supply chain. To solve the proposed model, a code is developed in AMPL software using a nonlinear solver SNOPT. The applicability of the proposed model is illustrated with a numerical example. The sensitivity analysis examines the effects of reducing carbon footprint cap, negative social impacts and varying probability on the total cost of the supply chain. It is observed that a stricter carbon cap over supply chain network leads to opening of more plants across the supply chain. In addition, carbon footprint of supply chain is found to be decreased in certain extent with the reduction in negative social impacts from suppliers. The carbon footprint of the supply chain is found to be reduced with increasing certainty of material supply from the suppliers. The total supply chain cost is observed to be augmented with increasing probability."
"AB Herbicide resistant Palmer amaranth (Amaranthus palmeri) has rapidly become a dominant weed management issue in agronomic crops of the Southeast US. The small size of Palmer amaranth seeds, relative to other common weeds, provides an opportunity to use physical weed control through high-biomass, rolled cover crop mulches, in conjunction with herbicide tools. Experiments were conducted to characterize Palmer amaranth suppression and light permeability from a range of rye biomass levels. There was an inverse relationship between Palmer amaranth emergence and rye biomass that was described by a log-logistic regression model. In the absence of rye, there was approximately 80% Palmer amaranth emergence, while the highest rate of rye biomass prevented Palmer amaranth emergence. A log-logistic regression model also described the amount of photosynthetic active radiation transmitted through rye mulch in a green house experiment. The highest level of rye biomass reduced the amount of light to 13% of full sunlight, while 5370 kg ha(-1) of rye caused a 50% reduction of light transmission; a similar level of rye biomass (P = 0.93) reduced Palmer amaranth emergence by 50%. Effective suppression of Palmer amaranth will depend upon the ability to produce high-biomass rye. Field experiments evaluated changes in planting date, seeding rate, and nitrogen application on rye biomass production. Maximum rye biomass in April occurred when rye was planted prior to middle-November. However, a 50% reduction in rye biomass resulted from middle-December planting of rye, providing growers with a short planting interval for high-biomass rye production. Additionally, rye seeding rate did not increase rye biomass accumulation indicating that delays in autumn sowing cannot be overcome with plant density. Finally, nitrogen fertilizer applied at planting consistently increased rye biomass production 23-33% relative to non-fertilized controls averaged over all planting dates. Additional research is needed to evaluate how repeated high-biomass cover crop systems affect weed management systems, other pest complexes, and soil moisture status in the sandy soils of the southeast Coastal Plain. (C) 2016 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB The aim of this pilot study was to evaluate the link between housing and children ' s respiratory symptoms, through the construction of an index (HSHI) based on the definition of healthy-sustainable housing criteria, in a semi-urban community from Morelos, Mexico. A general and household questionnaire, and respiratory symptoms diary were applied in 60 households to gather information about schoolchildren, respiratory health, housing and lifestyle characteristics. HSHI was constructed using principal component analysis. The association between HSHI and the presence and duration of respiratory symptoms was assessed using logistic and Poisson regression models. HSHI had five components, which accounted for 63% of variance, and were classified into poor and sufficient quality. It was observed that schoolchildren who inhabit a sufficient-quality house, showed a reduction in nose irritation duration and in the allergic symptoms probability regarding component 1 (ventilation, lighting and cloth washing) and presented three times less duration of common cold by component 2 (construction material, painted walls inside the house and type of bathroom) compared to poor-quality house inhabitants. Our results suggest that living in a sufficient-quality house, as described by the HSHI, reduced the prevalence of wheezing episodes and the probability of ear pain, providing evidence about the positive association of a healthy-sustainable housing on the respiratory health of schoolchildren."
"AB Regardless of fragile biodiesel market of the present day, it is foreseen that biodiesel will draw a lot of public interest throughout the world in the not too distant future. Among different feed stocks available for biodiesel production, waste cooking oil is under a major prospective for large-scale biodiesel production as it can cut down the fuel costs than other alternative feed stocks. However, there are several barriers that hinder large-scale biodiesel production from waste cooking oil. Also, there might be contextual relationships among those barriers. In this perspective, this paper aspires to identify the most influential barrier and to describe the interactions among different barriers influencing biodiesel production from waste cooking oil. For this reason, an interpretive structural modeling approach is employed to determine relationships among barriers. MICMAC analysis has additionally been carried out to classify the barriers based on dependence and driving power. The results indicate that vehicle access problem, lack of processing technology, inconsistent supply quantity and inadequate production facilities are the top-level barriers. Also, the results show that lack of political will, lack of incentives and lack of policy implementation play a very important role in the effective implementation of biodiesel production from waste cooking oil. (C) 2018 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB When business practices shift from a traditional open supply chain to a closed loop instead, the environmental and societal issues are efficiently integrated in business development. However, even an efficiently integrated shift introduces a number of trade-offs due to the contradictory goals that emerge from that business's economical, environmental and social dimensions. In this paper, we propose a multi-objective mixed integer mathematical problem for a generic closed-loop supply chain (CLSC) network to rationalise how a system's product recovery helps to improve manufacturing sustainability. The CLSC network proposed in this study consists of a hybrid manufacturing facility, warehouse, distribution centres, collection centres and a hybrid recovery facility (HRF). The proposed model determines the best location for the HRF and optimal flow of products, recovered parts and material in the network while it simultaneously maximises profit, saves activity costs, helps to decrease the harmful effects of the manufacturing process and makes a positive impact on societal development. To validate the model, a numerical illustration with the help of a case study from an electrical manufacturing industry is offered. The results authenticate the approach of the model towards the fulfilment of various environmental regulations. A sensitivity analysis, completed on demand, and the return rate also assists decision-makers to manage their decisions with a broader insight towards manufacturing sustainability."
"AB The aim of this study was to estimate the association between life habits and adequate consumption of fruits and vegetables (F&V) after four years of follow-up among elderly of a cohort in Florianopolis, Santa Catarina. This is a longitudinal population-based study, the sample being composed of individuals 60 years of age or older living in the urban area of the city of Florianopolis-SC. The baseline study took place in 2009-2010 and the second wave in 2013-2014. Adequate consumption was assessed by considering the frequency of ingestion of F&V at least five times a day at least five times a week. Life habits (smoking, alcohol consumption, physical activity and Internet use) and a biological variable (nutritional status) were associated. Multilevel logistic regression was used for the statistical analysis. There was a 5.23% increase in F&V consumption between evaluations. In the adjusted final models, internet use was associated with a greater chance of regular consumption of F&V (OR = 1.48, 95% CI: 1.09 - 2.01), while overweight was associated with a lower chance of outcome (OR = 0.76, 95% CI: 0.61 - 0.95). In conclusion, using the internet has proven to contribute significantly to a more adequate diet in F&V, as well as being overweight has shown to be a risk factor."
"AB PurposeQuercetin is one of potential antidiabetic substances because of its powerful antioxidant and anti-inflammatory actions. The purpose of this study is to estimate daily quercetin intake and assess the relationship between dietary quercetin intake and the prevalence of type 2 diabetes mellitus (T2DM) in a Chinese population.MethodsDietary intake was investigated by a validated 100-item food frequency questionnaire. Daily intakes of quercetin and nutrients were calculated accordingly. T2DM was diagnosed based on the criteria of the American Diabetes Association. Adjusted logistic regression models were used to analyze the relationship between the quartiles of quercetin intake and the prevalence of T2DM.ResultsThe prevalences of T2DM were 8.35% in men and 4.68% in women. The main food sources of quercetin were apple, orange, and green tea. Daily intake of quercetin was 20.92.32mg/day (mean +/- SD). After adjusting for potentially confounding factors, the odds ratios (95% CI) for T2DM across the ascending quartiles of quercetin intake were: 1.00 (reference), 0.75 (0.60-0.95), 0.76 (0.59-0.99), and 0.63 (0.51-0.94).ConclusionsThe results of the present study showed that quercetin intake was inversely related to the prevalence of T2DM in the Chinese population, suggesting a protective effect of quercetin in the development of T2DM."
"AB The aim of this study was to explore differences in the effects of modifiable factors on oral squamous cell carcinoma (OSCC) occurring in the lower oral fissure (LOF) and upper oral fissure (UOF). We conducted a case-control study with 697 OSCC patients (119 UOF and 578 LOF) and 1910 frequency-matched controls in Fujian province, China. Data on demographic characteristics and possible modifiable factors was collected using a structured questionnaire. Unconditional logistic regression was utilized to calculate the odds ratios (ORs) and corresponding 95% confidence intervals (CIs). Alcohol drinking was more strongly associated with an increased risk of OSCC-LOF than OSCC-UOF. Tobacco smoking, the number of teeth lost >= 5, wearing denture, and recurrent oral ulceration showed similarly associations with OSCC-LOF and -UOF risk. Similarly, the beneficial effects of tea consumption, tooth-brushing >= 2times per day, high intake of fresh fish, seafood, green-leafy vegetables, other vegetables and fruits were not significantly different on OSCC-LOF and -UOF. Although most of the modifiable factors exert similar effects on both OSCC sites, this study suggests that the sites of oral cavity in LOF may be affected more by alcohol drinking than the sites in UOF. Further studies with larger samples are warranted to confirm our findings."
"AB For consistent and effective CO2 reduction, many countries need to improve not only the technical efficiency of CO2 mitigation, but also environmental responsibility. In this study, we examine both the technical efficiency and voluntary environmental consciousness (VEC) of 12 European countries using a two-stage data envelopment analysis (DEA). In the first stage, we measured the technical efficiency of green energy technologies (GET) associated with fossil fuels, renewable energy, and storage technologies of each country for energy generation with regard to CO2 emissions by surveying GET-related patents. Using the logarithmic mean Divisia index (LMDI), we decomposed CO2 emissions into the following technological factors: energy intensity, fuel mix, and CO2 emission coefficient. In the second stage, we quantified the VEC in each country by investigating GET patent changes via research and development (R&D) investment at given changes in CO2 emissions. The results show different aspects for each country in terms of technical efficiency and VEC, suggesting potential levels of both efficient CO2 reductions and desirable GET development by using reference countries as a benchmark. Our study methodology and results can contribute to establishing effective national technology policy and aid in calls for common responsibility and the active participation of nations in addressing climate change. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Solar PV capacity in Sweden has grown considerably in the last years, however and despite techno-economic potential, its share in the power mix remains rather marginal. There are growing claims about economic and non-monetary factors driving the (non-)adoption of solar PV, but quantitative evidence about potential adopters is rather limited. Our study addresses this gap and investigates subsidy effects and non-economic variables affecting the likelihood to adopt solar PV. It deploys a survey experiment using a web panel of Swedish house owners (N = 208). A set of logistic regression models and corresponding statistical tests are used to examine several hypotheses. Results show that subsidies and peer effects are significant factors driving the likelihood to adopt. Contrary to indications in the literature, the visibility of technology (and related pro-social behaviour) is not significant and interaction effects among analysed factors are irrelevant. Results are statistically robust when controlling for other variables (e.g. age, income) and highlight that environmental awareness plays a positive role. Peer effects mostly come from hearing, but if the source is known both seeing and hearing affect the likelihood to adopt. Our results underline the importance of economic incentives and peer effects in decision-making process. Both policy certainty at the national level and social interactions at the local level need far more attention in policy design."
"AB The transport impacts of collection-delivery points (CDPs), as an alternative to home delivery, are rarely studied. As e-shopping becomes increasingly popular, trips to collect deliveries at CDP, especially by car travel, may generate a considerable amount of external effects, such as emissions. Therefore, this paper analysed the ""picking up/leaving goods"" trips selected from the Swedish National Travel Survey and jointly modelled the individuals' mode choice and trip chaining decisions using a panel cross-nested logit model. The roles of trip chain characteristics, individual socio-demographics and land use characteristics on each trip chain and mode choice combination are investigated. The results indicate observed and unobserved heterogeneities of trip chaining and mode choice decisions among populations. Young adults living with partners/spouses, single adults with children and partnered adults with children have the preference of using cars in collection-delivery trips compared to other life-cycle groups. A sensitivity analysis is carried out to estimate the effect of distance to CDPs on vehicle kilometres travelled. The calibrated model is used to estimate the VICE of collection-delivery trips in the greater Stockholm area. The results indicate a 22.5% reduction of VKT from collection-delivery trips by relocating 5% CDPs from urban areas to suburban and rural areas. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB The Circular Economy (CE) has received considerable attention as an approach that promises to reconcile ecological systems and economic growth. In spite of its increased popularity, little is known about the implementation struggles of incumbent firms across industrial sectors. Furthermore, although the notion of circular production systems is at the intersection of different research areas such as sustainable product design, sustainable supply chains, and reverse logistics, knowledge on how these concepts combine to ease or impede firms' transition towards circularity is scarce. To shed light on these gaps, I used multiple case studies from Cradle to Cradle certified companies in the textile industry in Europe. By employing qualitative research, I identified a set of factors along the textile value chain, from product design to take-back and reprocessing, that are crucial in expediting or delaying a firm's aspirations to develop a circular product. The main contribution of this paper is the dynamic understanding of how certain collaborative supplier-buyer innovation factors (i.e., supply chain position, power balance, and a shared vision) coupled with complex aspects in product design, namely in basic materials, architecture, and functionality, combine to determine the output speed and quantity of circular products to be sold, taken back, and ultimately regenerated. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB As the world's population becomes more urbanized, there is an associated decrease in nature exposure and a rise in noncommunicable diseases, including depression. Previous cross-sectional studies examining urban nature exposure and depression have reported favorable associations. However, many of these studies rely primarily on nature exposure metrics that measure the intensity of nature exposure, while other dimensions of urban nature exposure remain understudied. Therefore, in a cross-sectional, questionnaire-based case study targeting a general urban population (n = 282), we examined the relationship between two less commonly studied urban nature exposure variables (i.e., gardening behavior and greenspace visit frequency) and depression risk while also considering sociocultural background (multivariate logistic regression model). Results indicated that being a gardener was significantly associated with a reduced odds of being at risk of depression and that having a family migration history, but not a self-migration history, was associated with increased odds of being at risk of depression. In the examination of neighborhood socialization frequency and depression risk, we did not determine any significant association. The results of this study, therefore, highlight the importance of considering both people's sociocultural backgrounds and urban nature exposure in more detail to help plan for and support healthier cities in the future."
"AB In this study, in order to select suppliers of raw materials for Saipa Automotive Corporation as one of the largest factories in Iran, environment, flexibility, and agility criteria are studied and, then, some sub-criteria are also considered for each criterion. The sub-criteria include green design, clean technology, environmental performance, agility in operational systems, market agility, logistics agility, product flexibility, flexibility in transportation, and resource flexibility. It should be mentioned that the assumed criteria are applied based on the characteristics of the case study. Therefore, the main variables required for the identification of criteria that affect the selection of suppliers are studied with regard to environmental factors within the case study. In order to rank suppliers and select the best ones, the best-worst multi-criteria decision-making method (BWM) and VIKOR approach are used. According to the calculations based on the proposed process in this study and the information about the desired criteria, 7 suppliers are selected as the best ones. Since the approach presented in this study has combined BWM to determine weights and VIKOR method for the final ranking of options, this approach can be also applied to other studies. (C) 2019 Sharif University of Technology. All rights reserved."
"AB The complexity involved in demand forecast for supply chain management of electronics components is exponentially increasing owing to demand fluctuations in consumer electronics, shortening of product life cycles, continuous technology migration, lengthy production cycle time, and long lead time for capacity expansion. While global manufacturing networks often suffer the risks of oversupply and shortage of key components, the distributor that is the key intermediate participator in electronics product supply chain buys components from the suppliers, warehouses them, and resells different parts to a number of electronics manufacturers with vendor-managed inventories. Thus, the component distributors forecast the demands for large assortments of stock keeping units (SKUs) with distinct dynamics for inventory control and supply chain management. To address realistic needs to enhance demand forecast performance, this study aims to develop a UNISON data driven analytics framework that integrates machine learning technologies and temporal aggregation mechanism to forecast the demands of intermittent electronics components. An empirical study is conducted in a world leading semiconductor distributor for validation. The results have shown practical vitality of the proposed approach with better performance than conventional approaches and the existing practice. Indeed, the developed solution has been employed in this company to support flexible decisions to empower agile logistics and supply chain resilience for smart production."
"AB Cycling is one type of physical activities with documented health and environmental benefits. Little consensus has been reached about the impacts of urban greenness on cycling behavior because of the widely varying estimation techniques, especially at street scale. We objectively measured the urban greenness in two ways: overhead-view greenness by Normalized Difference Vegetation Index (NDVI) and eye-level street greenness by Google Street View (GSV) images. Multilevel logistic regression models were used to examine the association between urban greenness and the odds of cycling (versus not cycling) for 5701 Hong Kong participants after controlling activity-influencing built environment and individual-level covariates. We found the odds of cycling were positively associated with eye-level street greenness but not with overhead-view greenness across three buffer zones: 400 m, 800 m and 1600 m. In addition, the odds of cycling were negatively associated with population density, number of bus stops, and terrain slope, while positively associated with bike lane density. To build a cycling-friendly city, planners and designers might need to pay more attention to improve citizens' daily exposure to urban greenness, instead of traditional greenspace indices such as greenspace area or number of parks. The GSV technique is a novel and reliable method for measuring eye-level urban greenness with potential usage in further healthy city studies."
"AB The rapid development of e-commerce technologies has encouraged collection centers to adopt online recycling channels in addition to their existing traditional (offline) recycling channels, such the idea of coexisting traditional and online recycling channels evolved a new concept of a dual-channel reverse supply chain (DRSC). The adoption of DRSC will make the system lose stability and fall into the trap of complexity. Further the consumer-related factors, such as consumer preference, service level, have also severely affected the system efficiency of DRSC. Therefore, it is necessary to help DRSCs to design their networks for maintaining competitiveness and profitability. This paper focuses on the issues of quantitative modelling for the network design of a general multi-echelon, dual-objective DRSC system. By incorporating consumer preference for the online recycling channel into the system, we investigate a mixed integer linear programming (MILP) model to design the DRSC network with uncertainty and the model is solved using the epsilon-constraint method to derive optimal Pareto solutions. Numerical results show that there exist positive correlations between consumer preference and total collective quantity, online recycling price and the system profits. The proposed model and solution method could assist recyclers in pricing and service decisions to achieve a balance solution for economic and environmental sustainability."
"AB In this study, we extensively describe experimental models, with correlating experimental conditions, which were used to investigate the enzymatic hydrolysis of bacterial cellulose (BC) to obtain nanocrystals. Cellulase from Trichoderma reesei was used in five enzyme/BC ratios over a period of 74 h. The turbidity data was modeled using both logistic regression and empirical regression to determine the fractal kinetics, resulting in unique kinetic patterns for the mixtures that were richest in BC and in enzymes. The evolution of the yield was inversely related to the turbidity, as confirmed through a semiempirical approach that was adopted to model the experimental data. The yield values after 74 h of hydrolysis were higher for the substrate-rich mixtures (similar to 20%) than for the enzyme rich mixtures (similar to 5%), as corroborated by cellobiose and glucose quantification. Transmission electron microscopy and atomic force microscopy analyses revealed a shift from a fibril network to a needle-like morphology (i.e., aggregated nanocrystals or individual nanocrystals similar to 6 nm width and 200-800 nm in length) as the enzyme/BC ratios went from lower to higher. These results were explained in terms of the heterogeneous substrate model and the erosion model. This work initiated a promising, environmentally friendly method that could serve as an alternative to the commonly used chemical hydrolysis routes."
"AB Objectives: This study aimed to examine the prevalence of medication non-adherence among older adults with diabetes mellitus (DM) in Shandong province, China and to identify its influencing factors. Methods: A sample of 1002 older adults aged 60 or above with DM was analyzed. Medication adherence was measured using the Morisky-Green-Levine (MGL) Medication Adherence Scale. Descriptive statistical analysis, chi-square test, univariate and multivariate logistic regression analyses were employed. Results: The prevalence of self-reported medication non-adherence among older adults with DM was 19.9%. Female respondents (adjusted odds ratio (AOR) = 1.56, 95% CI: 1.09-2.24) and respondents who perceived medication adherence to be unimportant (AOR = 1.69, 95% CI: 1.05-2.74) were more likely to experience medication non-adherence. Respondents with 5 years of disease duration or longer were less likely (AOR = 0.63, 95% CI: 0.46-0.87) to experience medication non-adherence. Conclusions: This study showed that about one out of five older adults with DM in Shandong province, China, experienced medication non-adherence, and that gender, disease duration and perceived importance of medication adherence were associated with medication non-adherence in this population group. Provision of counseling and health education programs could be the future priority to raise patients' awareness of the importance of medication adherence and improve patients' self-management of DM."
"AB The link between environmental attitudes and dietary choice is gaining increasing interest in the scientific world. The current research aims to specify the relationships between dietary choice and preferences for near-food products: environmentally friendly/environmentally unfriendly. The study was conducted in Israel, including four dietary choice sub-groups: 1) meat, 2) fish, 3) eggs, and 4) dairy products. The extended pre-test questionnaire included 120 usable questionnaires. Results from the final questionnaires (N = 828), support our hypothesis, indicating a positive relationship between consumer eating preferences and their preferences in choosing environmentally friendly products over the environmentally unfriendly products. Our results regarding consumer preferences of near-food products reveal that vegan consumers, and a higher score in the Environmental Concern scale, increase the odds of choosing the environmentally friendly product significantly for the three tested products (deodorant, washing-powder, and hand-soap). Therefore, our results concerning vegans are robust for the three tested products and are complementary to the literature reviewed."
"AB Ovarian cancer is the fifth leading cause of cancer-related deaths among women, primarily due to diagnosis at late stages. Therefore, identification of modifiable risk factors for this disease is warranted. Using the Patient Epidemiology Data System (PEDS), collected from 1981 to 1998 at Roswell Park Cancer Institute, Buffalo, NY, we conducted a hospital-based, case-control analysis of self-reported cruciferous vegetable intake and ovarian cancer among 675 women with primary, incident ovarian cancer, and 1275 without cancer. Cruciferous vegetable intake was queried using a 44-item food frequency questionnaire (FFQ). Odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) were estimated with logistic regression, adjusting for age, body mass index (BMI), education, smoking status, parity, family history of ovarian cancer, total fruit consumption, total meat consumption, and total noncruciferous vegetable consumption. We observed a significant inverse association for women with highest vs. lowest intakes of total vegetables (OR = 0.65, 95% CI = 0.46-0.92), cooked cauliflower (OR = 0.82, 95% CI = 0.67-0.99), and cooked greens (OR = 0.63, 95% CI = 0.46-0.86) and an inverse, dose-dependent association between cooked cruciferous vegetables intake and ovarian cancer (for each additional ten servings per month, OR = 0.85, 95% CI = 0.76-0.96). These findings suggest that a diet that includes cruciferous vegetables could be an important modifiable risk factor for ovarian cancer."
"AB There is no doubt that since the last decade, as the focus towards sustainability has grown significantly in the supply chain field, many empirical and conceptual papers have been published in journals. This study aims to investigate the present and emerging trends in the field of SSCM (sustainable supply chain management), meanwhile exploring future research directions. This article conducts the meta-analysis and systematic review of 362 research papers published in the well known peer-reviewed journals in the last sixteen years (2004-2019). The present study structured the reviewed literature with the following categories: drivers and barriers of the sustainable supply chain, adopted multi-criteria-decision-making techniques, year-wise number of research papers, names of journals and publishers, and classification of articles based on research design and method. This study draws an up-to-date picture of the recent developments, emerging trends, and gaps for future studies in the field of SSCM. The finding shows that the area has dominated by MCDM (Multiple-criteria decision making) based research methods and firms-level studies. Furthermore, researchers need to employ efficient algorithms and advanced economic modelling and conduct studies on the macro-level (country, and region-levels) to explore new linkages. (C) 2020 Published by Elsevier Ltd."
"AB In orbital floor fracture, diplopia often persists post-operatively. This study evaluated the association between pre-operative parameters concerning the extent of the injury and post-operative diplopia, using multivariate analysis. A retrospective computed tomography analysis and chart review was performed for patients with punched out orbital floor fracture, who underwent operations during the period from April 2011 to March 2018. Five parameters were evaluated: the number of upward arrows on the Hess chart (representing compensatory overaction of the non-injured eye), time interval to surgery, muscular subscores, fracture area, and swelling rate of the inferior rectus muscle. Of the 32 patients, 9 (28%) had post-operative diplopia; pre-operative diplopia was completely restored in 23 (72%) patients by 6 months after surgery. Univariate analysis found statistically significant differences in the number of upward arrows on the Hess chart, time interval to surgery, muscular subscores, and fracture area. Logistic regression analysis demonstrated that only the number of upward arrows displayed a significantly increased risk for post-operative diplopia (odds ratio, 15.3; 95% confidence interval, 2.0-117.0; P = 0.008). Excessive overaction of the non-injured eye predicted persistent diplopia by 6 months post-operatively. Surgical intervention may be insufficient to achieve full recovery from diplopia and disturbances of ocular motility in some patients."
AB Introduction
"AB This research addresses how the stochasticity and correlation of travel speeds affect the shortest path solutions in sustainable environments. We consider a shortest path problem with the objective function of minimizing a linear combination of the mean and standard deviation of carbon emissions. By adjusting the proportion of the standard deviation in the objective function, the effects of speed stochasticity and correlation are studied under different preferences of the decision-makers on the fluctuations of carbon emissions. Based on 102-day real speed data from the Los Angeles freeway network, this research conducts extensive numerical experiments on 200 randomly chosen origin-destination pairs. Experimental results demonstrate the necessity of considering speed stochasticity and correlation, especially when the standard deviation of carbon emissions takes a large proportion in the objective function. As the weight of the standard deviation in the objective function increases from 0 to 1.5, the reduction of emission objective values increases from 0.03% to 0.13% by considering speed stochasticity, and increases from 0.02% to 0.20% by considering speed correlation. Taking the city Los Angeles with about 2361 taxis and about 525,945 passenger orders in January 2017 as an example, 0.03% and 0.02% reductions respond to about 3156 kg and 2630 kg carbon emission, respectively."
"AB Increasing public attention to issues of health and environmental sustainability has contributed to a growing consumer demand for ""natural"" food and drinks. As has been observed, this trend has also affected the wine market, leading to the spread of so-called ""natural wine"". According to the literature, consumers who are aware of the social and environmental impact of their consumption choices pay more attention to the information displayed on the label as a tool to reduce the risk associated with their purchase. This study seeks to identify which consumers are willing to pay for natural wine and to understand what information on the label influences their choice. This study is one of the first in wine research to analyse consumers of the ""natural"" wine recently appearing on the market to satisfy the need of health and environmentally conscious consumers. The findings indicate that consumers are willing to pay a premium price for ""natural"" wine, and this choice is positively affected by the importance attributed to information on the ingredient content, production method and sensory characteristics included on the wine label. Millennial consumers are also more likely to pay a high premium price for ""natural"" wine. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
AB Objectives To investigate risk factors for women with obesity of childbearing age.
"AB Electric vehicles are perceived as key technology in the automotive industry to contribute to sustainable development with lower greenhouse gas emissions, less air pollution for citizens and new job opportunities with positive social impact. So far the impact of electrified powertrains on the automotive industry supply chain sustainability and the development of the passenger car fleet have not been investigated in an integrated way. In our study, we focus on the long-term industry supply chain design end-to-end from the raw material exploration down to vehicle sales including the vehicle usage phase as well as reverse supply chain activities. Specifically, we address the long-term dynamics in the industry supply chain together with the fleet and powertrain development towards 2030 from a global perspective with a special focus on Germany and China. Based on industry data and using a sustainable supply chain optimization framework covering economic, environmental and social objectives, the study analyzes where jobs could be created or cut down, how total emissions in the supply chain including the usage phase of passenger cars could be reduced and how supply chain wide costs would develop. In addition, the impact of alternative market and technology scenarios as well as governmental regulations on the mix of powertrains in the vehicle fleet is investigated. (C) 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Supply chains in a global business environment operate within conflicting aspects. This research analyses correlation and interdependencies between inventory levels, costs and greenhouse gas emissions from replenishments within supply chain echelon. A simulation-based inventory optimisation conducted on 4000 experiments assumes the conditions of stochastic market demand, (R, s, S) inventory policy, target fill rates, predefined lead times and closing days constraint. It verifies the influence of operational and logistic decisions such as frequency of inventory replenishments or vehicle size selection on management objectives. Besides determining the best individual results for the objectives of minimum inventory levels, total costs and emissions, the overall best solutions in terms of three decision models - uniformly valued, cost-oriented and environmentally responsible model, were determined using multi-criteria decision-making methodology. These models are relevant for both scientific and practical managerial settings due to the evident lack of research simultaneously analysing inventory, cost and environmental performances of (R, s, S) policy. This study confirms that it is crucial in practice to perform an extensive simulation experiment analysis for each product to be able to determine its optimal settings. Inventory management software should have a direct influence on operational decisions in order to reduce costs or emissions within the same fill rate. (C) 2020 CPE, University of Maribor. All rights reserved."
"AB Given the current and ever-growing trend of environmental concerns, transport enterprises, as other large energy consumer sectors, face constant internal and external pressures to meet rigorous regulatory requirements. This study aims to evaluate the economic and environmental performance of alternative fuels in Vehicle Routing Problem (VRP), through measurement and quantification of potential adverse effects of the emitted pollutants on human health and ecosystem quality. Accounting for fuel emissions, especially pollutants of concern (i.e., NOx, HC and CO) and GHG emissions (i.e., CO2, N2O) during production, distribution, and combustion phases, several mixed-integer programming models have been developed based on Well-to-Wheel and Tank-to-Wheel analysis. Aside from factors such as distance, load and speed, the proposed models incorporate the transmission gear ratio as a major factor affecting vehicle mileage and emissions. Several numerical tests were conducted to examine the effects on fuel type and gear selection on fuel consumption and pollutant intensity. The results show that though pure biodiesel combustion emissions have the same negative impact on environmental quality, further analysis, taking into account the whole fuel chain activities leading to produce and consuming the product, demonstrate 37% reduction in GHG emissions compared to conventional diesel based on equivalent carbon dioxide measure. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB The purpose of this paper is to assess the delivered cost of pulpwood from natural hardwood stands in the State of Tennessee using forest operations supply chain analysis. The study is based on primary production and equipment data collected from logging firms using a state-wide in-depth harvesting and transportation survey. Survey results were used to develop estimates for the delivery cost of hardwood pulpwood removed per green tonne unit hour. Findings revealed not only the variability of inputs attached to costing harvesting operations, but also the difficulty in identifying one typical harvest system for the state. This may be explained by the very diverse operating conditions and systems, as well as the low stumpage prices and high cost of harvesting and delivery that are predominantly managed by small scale operations. Results have shown that the cost of harvesting a tonne of wood for a distance of up to 50 km ranges from an average minimum of $43 per tonne to an average maximum of $51 per tonne. After this distance, the cost increases exponentially. The fact that this study is the first for the state that looks at the operations logistics indicates the lack of available knowledge of the true cost incurred by operators that may have a lasting impact not only on the continuity of logging operations but also the sustainability and availability of forest products and workforce."
"AB Antihypertensive drug adherence (ADA) is a mainstay in blood pressure control. Education through mobile phone short message system (SMS) text messaging could improve ADA. The authors conducted a randomized study involving 314 patients with hypertension with <6months of antihypertensive treatment from the Preventive Health Program of 12 different primary care centers in Santiago, Chile. Patients were randomly assigned to receive or not receive SMS related to ADA and healthy lifestyle. Adherence was assessed by the self-reported four-item scale Morisky-Green-Levine questionnaire at baseline and after 6months of follow-up, with four of four positive questions classified as good adherence. Group comparison for adherence was performed by means of a logistic regression model, adjusting by baseline adherence, age older than 60years, and sex. A total of 163 patients were randomized to receive and 151 to not receive SMS. After 6 months of follow-up, ADA in the non-SMS group decreased from 59.3% to 51.4% (P=.1). By contrast, adherence increased from 49% to 62.3% (P=.01) in the SMS group. Text messaging intervention improved ADA (risk ratio, 1.3; 95% confidence interval, 1.0-1.6 [P<.05]). At 6-month follow-up, text messaging resulted in an increase in reporting ADA in this hypertensive Latino population. This approach could become an effective tool to overcome poor medication adherence in the community."
AB BackgroundThe aim was to determine whether latitudinal (Queensland versus Tasmania) variation in reported disease frequency in Australia may be biased by differences in population.
"AB Electric vehicles are prime candidates for use within urban car sharing systems, both from economic and environmental perspectives. However, their relatively short range necessitates frequent and rather time-consuming recharging throughout the day. Thus, charging stations must be built throughout the system's operational area where cars can be charged between uses. In this work, we introduce and study an optimization problem that models the task of finding optimal locations and sizes for charging stations, using the number of expected trips that can be accepted (or their resulting revenue) as a gauge of quality. Integer linear programming formulations and construction heuristics are introduced, and the resulting algorithms are tested on grid-graph-based instances, as well as on real-world instances from Vienna. The results of our computational study show that the best-performing exact algorithm solves most of the benchmark instances to optimality and usually provides small optimality gaps for the remaining ones, whereas our heuristics provide high-quality solutions very quickly. Our algorithms also provide better solutions than a sequential approach that considers strategic and operational decisions separately. A cross-validation study analyzes the algorithms' performance in cases where demand is uncertain and shows the advantage of combining individual solutions into a single consensus solution, and a simulation study investigates their behavior in car sharing systems that provide their customers with more flexibility regarding vehicle selection."
"AB The aim of this research is to analyze how critical success factors (CSFs) can influence the adoption of environmental technologies by Brazilian manufacturing companies. In terms of conceptual background, this research fits within the context of environmental management in organizations, focusing on the adoption of environmental technologies in the manufacturing context and their critical success factors. In terms of methodology, this research is based on a case study conducted on two medium-sized industrial companies located in Brazil (company ""Alfa"" and company ""Beta""). The results show the emergence of a new CSF called employee empowerment, which derives from learning and benchmarking initiatives. Two CSFs can be highlighted as the most relevant and unanimously present in both company ""Alpha"" and company ""Beta"": support from senior management and employee empowerment through learning and benchmarking. In addition, communication and cultural organizational changes were relevant CSFs, especially for Beta. Furthermore, there is a potential synergistic relationship between CSFs and the maturity level of environmental management. For example, Beta was on a more advanced environmental level as well as had greater intensity in terms of CSFs than Alpha. This work can be considered one of the first researches relating CSFs and the adoption of environmental technologies in medium-sized firms in Brazil. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Dynamic emission factors and emission inventories of CO, VOC, VOCevap., NOx, SOx and PM of truck in Bangkok, Thailand were developed using IVE (International vehicle emission) model for the year 2012 to 2024. The year 2012 was chosen as base year since fuel quality had been improved from Euro II to Euro IV standard from that year. Speed of truck driven in study area was chosen as variable parameter for sensitivity analysis of its influence to the emissions of air pollutants because there are no further plans in upgrading or improvement of fuel quality during this period. Truck's Bangkok driving cycle was used as input data in the IVE model. Average speeds used in the model simulation were varied from existing condition (15 km/hr) to the maximum of 80 km/hr. It was found that an average speed of 40 km/hr was the optimal speed in reducing of air pollutants emitted from truck. At this speed, reduction of emission factors of air pollutants as compared with current average velocity of 15 km/hr were about 46%, 54%, 16%, 51%, 53% and 27% for CO, VOC, VOCevap., NOx, SOx and PM, respectively. Therefore, efforts in increasing average speed of at least to about 40 km/hr can be used as a measure to achieve the sustainable transport particularly in the green logistic businesses."
"AB This study examines the ripple effect on the system performance of the reverse supply chain (RSC) network and introduces a robust optimisation model for designing strong RSC networks to cope with the uncertainties caused by the ripple effect. In this manner, to the best knowledge of authors, a robust optimisation model for RSC design against the ripple effect in the context of green principles is formulated for the first time. That being the case, the study aims to provide remarkable managerial insights thanks to the developed robust optimisation model by adopting a proactive strategy before a long-term disruption occurs in the network. To this end, the robust optimisation model is applied to an industrial case study from an enterprise disassembling the household appliance. The scope of the case study is limited to the enterprise's recycling activities in the northern region of Turkey which is a potential landslide site due to the heavy rainfall. Computational experiments are performed through a set of scenarios regarding the different weight uncertainty values to reveal the changes in objective function value and decision variables. Based on the results, whilst the computationally tractable robust solutions are obtained; the price of robustness is higher than expected to protect the constraints against violation when the probability of constraint violation equals 0.01."
"AB A basic part of the logistic management of organizations is purchasing function, and appropriate supplier selection is one of the main responsibilities of this function. Appropriate supplier selection has an important role in reducing costs, increasing competitiveness and the share of market as well as improving customers' satisfaction. Hence, the use of accurate and efficient techniques for supplier selection problems is out of question. Due to the importance of appropriate supplier selection, lots of research have been focused on this topic, but only a few of them considered the supplier selection problem with the process of reducing the set of all suppliers to a smaller set of eligible suppliers. Therefore, in this paper, based on data envelopment analysis models, a new hybrid methodology is presented for evaluating potential suppliers and selecting the best supplier (single sourcing) under certainty environment for a single-period by applying the strategy of reducing the number of potential suppliers. This methodology includes two phases: (1) classifying suppliers into efficient and inefficient suppliers, and hence reducing the set of all suppliers into a smaller set of eligible suppliers, and (2) evaluating the efficient (eligible) suppliers. Finally, a sample problem is demonstrated to examine the proposed methodology in comparison with traditional methods."
"AB Uncertainties in quality and timely availability of feedstock are among major issues in planning an economically viable bioenergy enterprise. Reported studies in open literature on feedstock supply logistics are either the results of modeling or from laboratory scale investigation with limited usefulness to commercial operations. The objective of this research is to quantify the sensitivity of steam production rate in a commercial updraft gasifier to several critical feedstock quality attributes like moisture, ash, and particles size. The specific case study is a 7 MW thermal gasifier at the University of British Columbia that supplies process steam to campus facilities. The wood fuel is collected from a large number of urban waste wood sources, sorted, and blended in a recycling yard (depot) prior to delivery to the gasification plant. Several improvements in particle size uniformity, reduction in wood contamination with dirt, and dryness of the feedstock were made within a two-year period of recorded data (2013-2014). As a result, the overall percent of operating hours of the gasification plant increased from 75% to 94% while the average steam production increased by 30%. Most of the earlier variability in fuel properties was traced to the blending of dry fuel chips at a moisture content of 17% wet basis with a high moisture green wood at a moisture content of 40% wet basis."
"AB To determine if the leaf area is necessary to ensure the better development of root cuttings for Gmelina arborea in their rooting tunnels. In the interest of this investigation we used Melina clones 5, 6 and 9 with apical cuttings, which were obtained and placed in embedded tunnels. The treatment consisted in reducing the leaf area (8 cm(2), 12 cm(2), 16 cm(2) and 20 cm (2)) by measuring the graph paper molds. The evaluation criteria items were Rooting percentage, final height, final leaf area and total biomass of plants within 3 weeks of rooting variables. There were different measuring methods such as ANOVA, Tukey mean test (a = 0.05) and Pearson correlation coefficient with statistical software InfoStat that were applied based on logistic regression by using the statistical software ""R"". Rooting average 75.75% influenced by the diameter and green biomass, reporting 78% correlation was reported, and also treatments of 16 cm(2) and 20 cm(2), which showed more conclusive results in variable rooting and plant height percentages. Significant differences between treatments were reported in variable end leaf area and total biomass with 20 cm(2) treatment presented the highest value for both variables. Clone 5 was the one that presented the best results in the variables leaf area and total biomass. The leaf area of 20 cm(2) showed good results to improve the quality of the rooting process."
"AB Depression in older adults is a public health challenge. We aimed to clarify the relationship between depression in older adults and three types of neighborhood greenspaces: trees, grasslands, and fields. We utilized data from the Japan Gerontological Evaluation Study (JAGES) performed in 2016. Multilevel logistic regression analysis was used for non-stratified and stratified analyses for the urban-rural regions. The target population comprised 126,878 older adults (age >= 65 years) who responded to the depression questions and were living in 881 neighborhoods in Japan. Depression was diagnosed based on a Geriatric Depression Scale score >= 5, and 20.4% of the study population had depression. In the pre-stratification analysis, areas with more greenspaces revealed lower odds of depression (odds ratio (OR) 0.95, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.85-0.95). In urban areas, more trees correlated with lower odds of depression (OR 0.94, 95% CI 0.89-1.00). In rural areas, moderate amounts of grassland were associated with lower odds of depression compared to areas with fewer grasslands (OR 0.91, 95% CI 0.83-1.00). We found that urban areas with higher tree density and rural areas with moderate amounts of grassland were associated with lower odds of depression."
"AB Objective: In the article, we address the nexus between neighbourhood externalities and house prices using stated preference data. The impact of neighbourhood amenities generating positive externalities and disamenities generating negative externalities on property prices has been studied since the 1970s. Most of the studies to date applied the hedonic methodology and assumed that the effect is homogeneous. The article aims to address the potential heterogeneity of housebuyers' preferences."
"AB Increasing consumer awareness of the environmental and social externalities of food supply chains in developed countries instigates the opening of grocery stores that renounce the use of disposable plastic packaging for their entire product range. The opportunities these novel stores offer in moving to an alternative, more sustainable retail system are currently not well understood. Semi-structured interviews with representatives of seven stores across Europe and six food supply chain experts were conducted in order to address this gap. Findings suggest that these stores may induce more resource-efficient behaviour in suppliers and consumers due to the reduction of.packaging and food waste. Social benefits range from the support of small, regional farmers, to higher transparency along the supply chain and better informed consumers. However, these benefits come at the expense of consumer convenience due to slower shopping operations and limited product variety. A wider adoption of zero packaging will require influencing consumer behaviour, convincing suppliers to change their packaging practices, and solving the dependency of food logistics on packaging. In order to achieve wide-ranging, significant environmental and social benefits, zero-packaging stores will ultimately have to offer service levels that are comparable to conventional supermarkets. Potential pathways illustrating how zero-packaging could overcome current market limitations are presented. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Purpose - In the present work, lean and resilient practices applied to supply chains are studied in order to evaluate their impact on the three dimensions of sustainability. Additionally, the mutual impact of lean and resilient supply chain practices is investigated. The paper aims to discuss these issues."
"AB BACKGROUND: Given the changing landscape of tobacco products in recent years, the array of products through which children could be exposed to nicotine has grown substantially. Thus, it is particularly important to understand adults' perceptions of the harms of nicotine to children and to identify any sociodemographic factors related to inaccurate risk perceptions."
"AB In this study, the effect of different modes of cultivation viz., photoautotrophic (AT), heterotrophic (HT) and photomixotrophic (MT), on the growth and biochemical responses of Chlorella sp. isolated from local ponds. The performance of microalgal growth was quantified using nonlinear growth models such as Gompertz, logistic, Baranyi-Roberts, Morgan under different cultivation conditions. The results revealed that microalgae could grow better in MT than in other cultivation modes with a major increase in biochemical responses for carbohydrates, which showed higher accumulation under HT. The maximum biomass concentration was 1.24 g L-1 (MT), 1.16 g L-1 (HT), 0.76 g L-1 (AT) with maximum specific growth rates of 0.0083 h(-1) (HT), 0.0078 h(-1) (MT) and 0.0055 h(-1) (AT) respectively. The biomass concentration was higher in the order of MT>HT>AT for which MT yielded 8.8 fold higher biomass, compared with the initial biomass concentration, at the end of experiments (16 days). Concomitant increases in biochemical responses were observed in the three cultivation conditions. Protein and lipid accumulation in the MT mode was higher (1.2 fold) compared with the initial protein yield as well as the other cultivation modes. However, the carbohydrate yield was higher (1.12 fold) in the heterotrophic mode than in other cultivation conditions."
"AB This study investigated aspects of urban quality of life in European cities. To this end, the Flash Eurobarometer 366: Quality of life in European cities was used. The survey provides opinions of 41 thousands inhabitants from 79 European cities, which enables analysis of interrelation between citizen characteristics, neighbourhood and city contexts and satisfaction with life in a city. The study analysed the following dimensions potentially related to satisfaction with life in a city: (1) availability of services, environment and social aspects in cities and neighbourhood; (2) socio-demographic factors; and (3) city characteristics such as economic development, labour market pressures, size, location, quality of institutions and safety."
"AB Purpose: This study aimed to examine neighborhood effects on the physical and socioemotional health of children from immigrant families, after controlling for parents' demographic characteristics, socioeconomic status, acculturation, and health care issues."
"AB The truck scheduling problem is one of the most challenging and important types of scheduling with a large number of real-world applications in the area of logistics and cross-docking systems. This problem is formulated to find an optimal condition for both receiving and shipping trucks sequences. Due to the difficulty of the practicality of the truck scheduling problem for large-scale cases, the literature has shown that there is a chance, even with low possibility, for a new optimizer to outperform existing algorithms for this optimization problem. Already applied successfully to solve similar complicated optimization problems, the Social Engineering Optimizer (SEO) inspired by social engineering phenomena, has been never applied to the truck scheduling problem. This motivates us to develop a set of novel modifications of the recently-developed SEO. To validate these optimizers, they are evaluated by solving a set of standard benchmark functions. All the algorithms have been calibrated by the Taguchi experimental design approach to further enhance their optimization performance. In addition to some benchmarks of truck scheduling, a real case study to prove the proposed problem is utilized to show the high-efficiency of the developed optimizers in a real situation. The results indicate that the proposed modifications of SEO considerably outperform the state of the art algorithms and provide very competitive results."
"AB Regular access to green space has been shown to provide several health benefits for children. However, children today spend less time outdoors. Thus, it has become important to understand what drives and limits children's activities in nature. Based on a Finnish online survey of 1463 parents of children aged 2-7 conducted in 2019, the current study examined parents' perceived barriers to visiting nature with their children. It also examined how parental mental well-being is related to families' frequency of nature visits, and whether this association is mediated by different categories of parents' perceived barriers. Eleven out of 12 barriers were largely perceived by parents as reasons that did not prevent them from visiting nature with their children. Next, factor analysis indicated a three-factor solution to the barriers. The results of a multiple mediation analysis showed that better parental mental well-being was associated with more frequent adult-child nature visits, and this relationship was partially mediated by a ""lack of competence and logistics"" and a ""lack of time and interest"", but not by ""insecurity and fear"". The results indicated that parents with poor mental well-being were more likely to perceive barriers to visiting nature, which in turn appeared to be related to a higher likelihood of having children who visited nature less frequently."
"AB Natural gas as a primary fossil fuel, will grow faster than both oil and coal for the next decades and distinguishes by its lower environmental impact in comparison to other conventional fuels. Natural gas in its liquid form (Liquified Natural Gas), grows seven times faster than pipeline gas. It is, usually, transferred using liquified natural gas carriers stored in cryogenic tanks. A crucial problem in this field is the selection and the evaluation of liquified natural gas export terminals in different countries (liquified natural gas suppliers). The paper attempts to propose a decision support model specialized for this type of problem, adopting green logistics optimization tools as prescribed in circular economy philosophy. A multicriteria analysis, using Promethee II method, is carried out, evaluating all the potential export terminals and studying the case study of Greece. The approach is based on selected criteria in the fields of economic supply, low environmental impact of transportation, satisfaction of technical specifications and the current and future availability of supply. The evaluation procedure includes the ranking of different preference scenarios. The obtained results showed that there are advantageous liquified natural gas supply options for Greece, like Egypt, Algeria, Libya and Norway, with good performances in almost all the criteria. By adopting the proposed methodology, national and commercial decision makers could take advantage to assess future consortiums. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB The transition of the oil-based economy towards a sustainable economy completely relying on biomass as renewable feedstock requires the concerted action of academia, industry, politics and civil society. An interdisciplinary approach of various fields such as microbiology, molecular biology, chemistry, genetics, chemical engineering and agriculture in addition to cross-sectional technologies such as economy, logistics and digitalization is necessary to meet the future global challenges. The genomic era has contributed significantly to the exploitation of nature's biodiversity also from extreme habitats. By applying modern technologies it is now feasible to deliver robust enzymes (extremozymes) and robust microbial systems that are active at temperatures up to 120 degrees C, at pH 0 and 12 and at 1000 bar. In the postgenomic era, different sophisticated ""omits"" analyses will allow the identification of countless novel enzymes regardless of the lack of cultivability of most microorganisms. Furthermore, elaborate protein engineering methods are clearing the way towards tailor-made robust biocatalysts. Applying environmentally friendly and efficient biological processes, terrestrial and marine biomass can be converted to high value products e.g. chemicals, building blocks, biomaterials, pharmaceuticals, food, feed and biofuels. Thus, further application of extremophiles has the potential to improve sustainability of existing biotechnological processes towards a greener biobased industry. (C) 2017 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB People attach much importance to greenhouse gas emissions, and there is an increasing concern on cost and emissions on account of speed reduction for international shipping. Low steaming encountered these challenges of time constraint and technical requirements, while the cost and emissions of railway transportation distinctly differentiate from international shipping and it is a good substitute for international shipping to some extent. Intelligent transportation system (ITS) has proven to be a useful tool in providing efficient, environmentally friendly and safe transportation systems within inland and shipping. The paper focus on the selection and cooperative process between the shipping and railway, and discusses the cost and emissions by speed optimization for international shipping and railway transport aiming to select effective and environmental transportation mode based on ITS infrastructure. Firstly this paper reviews ITS and investigates the relationship of cost and speed along with the relationship of energy consumption and speed respectively for shipping and railway transportation, and then presents the speed optimization both shipping and railway transportation based on ITS so as to minimize cost and emissions. Subsequently it compared and analyzed the cost and emissions for mode selections, and it found that it is more effective and environmental to employ railway transport to some route leg. Finally A numerical case is presented and the results showed that it is necessary to shift model from sea to land on some section."
AB Purpose: To evaluate the safety and effectiveness of an enhanced recovery after surgery (ERAS) programme after curative liver resection in cirrhotic hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) patients.
"AB High throughput phenotyping of canopy senescence based on Normalized Difference Vegetation Index (NDVI) could be useful in plant breeding. The aim of this paper was to assess the association between grain yield and canopy senescence quantified with NDVI in oat lines selected for grain yield and milling quality. Sixteen lines were grown in four winter-rainfall environments where logistic curves between NDVI and thermal time from anthesis (GS60) were fitted to return five traits: maximum NDVI, NDVImax; minimum NDVI, NDVImin; thermal time to 50% senescence, x50; rate of senescence, rate; and the area under the NDVI curve, area. Across sources of variation, residuals of yield after removing the effect of phenology correlated with area (r = 0.69), NDVImax (r = 0.67), x50 (r = 0.57), NDVImin (r = 0.51) and rate (r = 0.30), all significant at P < 0.05. All five senescence traits correlated negatively with concentration of water soluble carbohydrates at anthesis, particularly area (r = 0.75, P < 0.0001). There was no correlation for yield between environments in 5 out of 6 comparisons (broad sense heritability = 0.39) and water soluble carbohydrates correlated between environments in 6 out of 6 comparisons (broad sense heritability = 0.89). Correlations between environments were irregular for senescence traits. Selection for low concentration of water soluble carbohydrates could increase oat grain yield by improving both grain number per m2 and leaf area duration."
AB Objective This study evaluates whether unbound bilirubin is a better predictor of auditory neuropathy spectrum disorder (ANSD) than total serum bilirubin (TSB) or the bilirubin: albumin molar ratio (BAMR) in late pretermand term neonates with severe jaundice (TSB >= 20 mg/dL or TSB that met exchange transfusion criteria).
"AB Environmental innovation has been discussed from different approaches in the last decade, due to its increasing importance for business competitiveness and as an engine for the economic development of a country, especially in recessionary economic phases. However, the study of the factors that hinder the achievement of environmental innovations has been largely neglected. This paper focuses on the obstacles facing firms involved in environmental innovations and how they still manage to achieve these innovations. The data used comes from the Community Innovation Survey (CIS) conducted in Spain in the year 2012, while the Wilcoxon-Mann-Whitney test and binary logistic regression are the statistical techniques used. The findings show that the obstacles that companies involved in environmental innovations face are greater and different to those faced by companies which are not involved in them. Consequently, environmental innovation requires different action plans from those for non-environmental innovation; these actions include public funding, and cooperation, as well as other specific support measures. This research provides a systematic framework for environmental innovation and the ways to overcome the barriers to this innovation. Thereby supplying a roadmap for the creation of an innovation system that constitutes a favourable context for overcoming these obstacles, thus bringing about the success of the environmental innovation process through certain critical factors. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB The intermodal railroad (IRR) based freight transport system is considered as the most sustainable way of goods distribution. Although there are many inhibitors which obstruct the popularity of intermodal transportation. Most of the previous work consider inhibitors as an independent and quantitative factor, but in the real world, these inhibitors are interdependent as well as qualitative in nature. To fill this gap, this paper proposes a hierarchical framework based on the grey-Decision Making Trial and Evaluation Laboratory (grey-DEMATEL) and Analytic Network Process (ANP), i.e. gDANP. The integration of grey theory into DEMATEL provides a better inclusion of subjectively of the decision-making process. The originality of this work comes from its ability to combine operational, technological & infrastructural, knowledge, organisational, and government policy & regulations dimensions and its attributes for evaluating IRR inhibitors. The proposed framework is validated with a case of the Indian IRR system. The integrated framework provides interrelationships and priority weight of such dimensions and related attributes. Influential network relation map (INRM) develops useful policy suggestions for improving the share of intermodal services in the Indian freight industry. The present work also provides necessary managerial and theoretical insights for freight transport policymakers and researchers. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Many time-series smoothing methods can be used for reducing noise and extracting plant phenological parameters from remotely-sensed data, but there is still no conclusive evidence in favor of one method over others. Here we use moderate-resolution imaging spectroradiometer (MODIS) derived normalized difference vegetation index (NDVI) to investigate five smoothing methods: Savitzky-Golay fitting (SG), locally weighted regression scatterplot smoothing (LO), spline smoothing (SP), asymmetric Gaussian function fitting (AG), and double logistic function fitting (DL). We use ground tower measured NDVI (10 sites) and gross primary productivity (GPP, 4 sites) to evaluate the smoothed satellite-derived NDVI time-series, and elevation data to evaluate phenology parameters derived from smoothed NDVI. The results indicate that all smoothing methods can reduce noise and improve signal quality, but that no single method always performs better than others. Overall, the local filtering methods (SG and LO) can generate very accurate results if smoothing parameters are optimally calibrated. If local calibration cannot be performed, cross validation is a way to automatically determine the smoothing parameter. However, this method may in some cases generate poor fits, and when calibration is not possible the function fitting methods (AG and DL) provide the most robust description of the seasonal dynamics."
AB Purpose
"AB The increase of Land Surface Temperature (LST) and the formation of heat island in megacities have become an emerging environmental concern. The main objective of this study is to predict the intensity of Tehran's heat island in the year 2033 based on historical changes of land cover and LST. For this purpose, Landsat satellite images were integrated with meteorological stations' measurements from 1985 to 2017. The Cellular Automata-Markov (CA-Markov) and Artificial Neural Network (ANN) models were used to predict the land cover changes and to the modelling of the Surface Urban Heat Island Intensity (SUHII), Surface Urban Heat Island Ratio Index (SUHRI) was used. Subsequently, using statistical analysis of the effect of historical land cover changes on LST variations, SUHII for 2033 was predicted. Our findings show that within this period, the built-up lands increased significantly from 39% in 1985 to 65% in 2017. The intensity of heat island increased with an increase in the value of SUHII from 0.02 to 0.19. Our predictive analysis reveals that the intensity of the Tehran's heat island will increase to 0.32 by 2033. Our conclusions draw attentions to the increasing LST now and in the future in Tehran so that urban planners and local authorities take adequate actions for controlling its environmental impacts."
AB Objective: To explore the relationship between tea drinking habits and osteoporotic hip/femur fractures.
"AB Classical age-structured mass-action models such as the McKendrick-von Foerster equation have been extensively studied but are unable to describe stochastic fluctuations or population-size-dependent birth and death rates. Stochastic theories that treat semi-Markov age-dependent processes using, e.g., the Bellman-Harris equation do not resolve a population's age structure and are unable to quantify population-size dependencies. Conversely, current theories that include size-dependent population dynamics (e.g., mathematical models that include carrying capacity such as the logistic equation) cannot be easily extended to take into account age-dependent birth and death rates. In this paper, we present a systematic derivation of a new, fully stochastic kinetic theory for interacting age-structured populations. By defining multiparticle probability density functions, we derive a hierarchy of kinetic equations for the stochastic evolution of an aging population undergoing birth and death. We show that the fully stochastic age-dependent birth-death process precludes factorization of the corresponding probability densities, which then must be solved by using a Bogoliubov-Born-Green-Kirkwood-Yvon-like hierarchy. Explicit solutions are derived in three limits: no birth, no death, and steady state. These are then compared with their corresponding mean-field results. Our results generalize both deterministic models and existing master equation approaches by providing an intuitive and efficient way to simultaneously model age-and population-dependent stochastic dynamics applicable to the study of demography, stem cell dynamics, and disease evolution."
"AB Surveying the breeding population of a given species can be difficult for many logistic reasons. Marine turtles are a challenging taxon for the study of reproductive ecology and breeding strategies, because turtles aggregate off-shore and males remain exclusively at sea. For successful management of sea turtle populations, determining operational sex ratios (OSRs) on a continuing basis is critical for determining long-term population viability, particularly in the context of changing hatchling sex ratios due to temperature-dependent sex determination in a warming climate. To understand how survey technique and stage of the breeding season might influence the ability to detect turtles and determine OSRs, we surveyed the presence and identified the sex of adult male and female green sea turtles (Chelonia mydas) using a boat and small commercial unoccupied/unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV), at the start (October) and peak (December) of a nesting season at an important breeding site at Heron Island, Great Barrier Reef, Australia. The ratio of males to females within the breeding ground detected by both survey methods changed from being male-biased in October to heavily female-biased in December, indicating that most males cease their reproductive effort and depart before the peak of the nesting season. Surveying with a UAV more than doubled the rate of turtles seen per minute of survey effort compared with surveying solely from the boat and allowed surveys to be conducted at times and/or places unsafe or inaccessible for boats. The sex of a slightly greater proportion of turtles seen could not be identified by observers using a UAV versus a boat, although more turtles were detected using the UAV. The departure of many males during the peak of the nesting season is likely due to an increasing biological cost of residency in the area because males encounter fewer receptive females as the season progresses and the limited foraging opportunity is insufficient to support the number of males present. Overall, we found that UAVs are an effective tool for studying important but difficult to observe aspects of sea turtle biology."
"AB Background: Growing evidence suggests health benefits of natural environments. Yet, the effects of different types of natural environments (vegetation and water features) and forms of human-nature contact (access versus exposure) remain relatively unexplored."
"AB Purpose Forward and reverse supply chains form a closed loop when managed in a coordinated way and this cradle to cradle responsibility has strong relevance to addressing environmental sustainability in global supply chains. The extensive outsourcing of manufacturing has created highly fragmented supply chains, which is strongly evidenced within the UK clothing industry, and it presents major environmental challenges, particularly around waste and resource use. The purpose of this paper is to investigate how a closed loop supply chain (CLSC) can be successfully developed to address environmental sustainability."
"AB Public open spaces (POS) are key neighbourhood destinations shown to confer numerous physical and mental health benefits. The amount and spatial distribution of POS throughout cities are guided by urban planning policies and standards. However, empirical evidence is not generally used to create POS standards. Developing and testing POS indices associated with positive health outcomes, can inform evidence-based POS urban design and planning standards that support the creation of healthier cities. This study examined associations of urban design policy-derived and empirical measures of POS proximity and density with walking and depression. The 2011-12 Australian Diabetes, Obesity and Lifestyle study (AusDiab) wave data were used. Adults living in metropolitan Melbourne, Australia were included (n = 319). Participants reported walking for recreation and any walking within their neighbourhood during the last week. Depression was calculated using the Center for Epidemiologic Studies Short Depression Scale (CESD-10). Informed by Australian urban design policies and empirical evidence, various POS measures were calculated at different street network distances around residential addresses using geographic information systems software. Measures tested included: distance to nearest POS, size of nearest POS, total number of POS, and area of POS at scales of 400, 800, 1000, and 1600 m. Associations of these POS measures with walking and depression were examined using adjusted multilevel logistic regression models. Overall 68% and 77% of participants reported walking for recreation and any walking in the past week, respectively; and about 13% were categorized as depressed. Living within 400 m of POS was not associated with either type of walking, but those whose nearest POS was > 1.5 ha had 1.90 and 2.66 times greater odds of walking for recreation and any walking during the last week, respectively. In Melbourne, the urban design policy standard is that POS be available within 400 m of homes. In our study, this standard was not associated with walking or depression; however having a larger POS nearby supported residents' walking. This study highlights the importance of assessing such standards for their potential health impact, and warrants further investigation."
"AB The increasing importance and growth of the transportation of the industrial/nonindustrial hazardous materials and wastes in recent decades have been brought to the attention of the governments. Not paying attention to this issue has the different consequences, including the socially destructive effects leading to transportation incidents, storage and disposal of such materials and the risk of harm to the humans. On the other hand, due to the direct association of these materials with the industry, the supply chain members need to pay attention to this issue which can play a very important role in the economic development of the country. Special attention should be paid to negative environmental impacts from the greenhouse gas emissions due to the widespread transportation of these materials in the supply chain network as well as the disposal of industrial waste in the environment. The importance of the research problem in the social, economic and environmental fields have resulted in developing a mathematical model of a location-inventory-routing problem (LIRP) for hazardous materials and waste management at two levels of the supply chain with considering a heterogeneous vehicle fleet seeking to mitigate the supply chain risk, minimize the supply chain costs and reduce greenhouse gas emissions. Given that the proposed model is NP-hard, a meta-heuristic algorithm to solve the multi-objective optimization problems called multi-objective black widow optimization (MOBWO) algorithm is presented. The performance of the proposed meta-heuristic algorithm has been compared with multi-objective smulated annealing algorithm (MOSA) and non-dominated sorting genetic algorithm II (NSGA II). A new Minkowski-based approach is presented to choose a single solution from a set of non-dominated solutions of the first front as the final optimal solution for the proposed problem. The results of the present study demonstrated that the NSGA II algorithm in small- and medium-scale test problems gives better accuracy, but the MOBWO has better performance in the large-scale test problems in comparison with the other two algorithms."
"AB Land left after urban industrial enterprises relocate is usually planned for various land-use types that can influence human health risks. In China, urban development consists of at least eight land uses: urban residential (UR), public administration/service (PA/S), commercial/service (C/S), industrial, logistics storage, transportation (TR), public utility, and park green space. The (PA/S) type has two classes: PA/S1 includes administrative, cultural relics and historic, foreign affairs, and religious facility lands, with adults the sensitive recipients. Class PA/S2 includes lands related to cultural facilities, education and scientific research, sports, medical, and social welfare facilities, in which children are the sensitive recipients. The UR type has UR 1 and UR 2 classes with and without underground space, respectively. The C/S type has C/S1 and C/S2 classes with and without underground space, respectively. The TR type has TR1, TR2, and TR3 classes which indicate urban road, subway, and traffic hub land, respectively. To the above, we applied conceptual models and exposure pathways of volatile organic compounds and semi-volatile organic compounds. Exposure parameters were investigated for six regions and above eight land uses featuring different soil, climate, and population behavior characteristics: north, east, south, northwest, northeast, and southwest (covering China entirely). Risk controlling values (RCVs) corresponding to a lifetime cancer risk of 10(-6) in this paper were calculated using the C-GAC model introduced by 'Chinese Technical Guidelines for Risk Assessment of Contaminated Sites' with above exposure parameters to determine whether it has potentially significant levels of contamination that may warrant further investigation. Our results revealed two main patterns: (1) our soil risk controlling values for the six regions-north, east, south, northwest, northeast, and southwest-revealed some between-region variability (up to 28%). Hence, for urban contaminated sites in different regions of China, different RCVs should be considered when evaluating possible health risks. (2) The results for the organic pollutants tested across the eight types of land use showed maximum values up to 90 times the minimum value. The greater the risk controlling value of the same pollutant, the less sensitive the site is to that pollutant. Urban road land, traffic hub land, and park green space land are not sensitive to volatile organic pollutants."
AB Purpose
"AB A green concrete, new type of coal gangue-based geopolymer concrete, was prepared. Coal gangue geopolymer concrete contains many mineral admixtures and alkaline activators; the concrete mixture ratio design has always been a complex problem. The framework of the mix design optimization by the proposed method is established in this work. The paper aims to minimize the economic cost under the premise of ensuring the strength and workability of coal gangue-based geopolymer concrete. Gravitational search algorithm (GSA) has the advantages of faster convergence speed and stronger exploitation performance compared with the traditional optimization algorithms. However, GSA tends to premature convergence and local optimum, with weak search ability. Therefore, chaotic map is introduced in the work here. Gravitational search algorithm was modified based on Chebyshev map in chaotic theory, and the modified equations were derived. The modified algorithm was verified by the calculation of typical functions. And results from traditional GSA and GSA modified by another chaotic mapping, logistic mapping, were compared and the characteristics of different GSA were analyzed and concluded. After that, the mix design of geopolymer concrete based on coal gangue with different strength grades was optimized with the modified GSA. Through analysis of the optimization results, cost variation of different strength grade coal gangue-based geopolymer concrete was revealed. Costs declined significantly; the higher the grades within a certain strength range, the more saved. Therefore, it can be inferred that the modified gravity search method provides a reliable tool for the optimization of mixture ratio of similar geopolymer concrete."
"AB Objectives: Fruit and vegetable consumption may impact development of diabetes, but limited research has addressed whether daily consumption of fruits and vegetables differs by those with and without diabetes, especially within high-risk groups. Thus, the purpose of this study was to determine whether daily fruit and vegetable consumption differs by diabetes status in middle-aged females in the general US population. Methods: This cross-sectional analysis used 2017 Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System data for females ages 45-64 years old in Arizona (n = 2609), Florida (n = 3768), Georgia (n = 1018), and Texas (n = 2092). Multiple logistic regression analysis by state assessed the relationship between the daily consumption of fruit (fruit, 100% fruit juice) and vegetables (green leafy or lettuce salad, potatoes, other vegetables) and diabetes status, while controlling for health status, health behaviors, demographic factors, and socioeconomic status. Results: Across states, relatively similar proportions of participants with and without diabetes reported daily fruit consumption (with: 58%-63%; without: 61%-68%) and daily vegetable consumption (with: 58%-63%; without: 61%-68%). The results of adjusted analyses indicated that daily fruit and vegetable consumption did not differ by diabetes status across states. Conclusion: Across states, daily fruit and vegetable consumption did not differ by diabetes status in middle-aged females. In the primary care setting, providers should educate all females ages 45-64 on the importance of eating fresh fruits and vegetables and may consider sharing information about flavonoid-rich fruit and vegetable consumption for diabetes."
"AB This study presents a statistical landslide susceptibility assessment (LSA) in a dynamic environment. The study area is located in the eastern part of Lanzhou, NW China. The Lanzhou area has exhibited rapid urbanization rates over the past decade associated with greening, continuous land use change, and geomorphic reshaping activities. To consider the dynamics of the environment in the LSA, multitemporal data for landslide inventories and the corresponding causal factors were collected. The weights of evidence (WofE) method was used to perform the LSA. Three time stamps, i.e., 2000, 2012, and 2016, were selected to assess the state of landslide susceptibility over time. The results show a clear evolution of the landslide susceptibility patterns that was mainly governed by anthropogenic activities directed toward generating safer building grounds for civil infrastructure. The low and very low susceptibility areas increased by approximately 10% between 2000 and 2016. At the same time, areas of medium, high and very high susceptibility zones decreased proportionally. Based on the results, an approach to design the statistical LSA under dynamic conditions is proposed, the issues and limitations of this approach are also discussed. The study shows that under dynamic conditions, the requirements for data quantity and quality increase significantly. A dynamic environment requires greater effort to estimate the causal relations between the landslides and controlling factors as well as for model validation."
"AB Purpose - Regulatory pressure, consumer awareness, and the quest for competitive advantage place sustainable products in today's decision-making spotlight. The purpose of this paper is to explore supply chain dynamics as they relate to sustainable product programs and to empirically develop a framework to align efforts across the supply chain to bring sustainable products to market."
"AB Energy conservation through sustainable energy technologies (SETs) in the construction industry is capturing considerable attention worldwide. However, the presence of challenges makes SETs implementation difficult, and hence to increase the effective adoption of SETs, potential strategies are essential to overcome challenges. The objective of this study is to identify and rank major strategies of SETs adoption in the construction sector to overcome its barriers. This study proposes an integrated framework based on two methodologies, fuzzy analytical hierarchy process (FAHP) and fuzzy technique for order performance by similarity to an ideal solution (F-TOPSIS), to prioritize major strategies to overcome SETs adoption barriers. Initially, obstacles and strategies are identified from a comprehensive literature review. Later, FAHP is utilized to obtain weights of various SETs barriers through pairwise comparison, and strategies are ranked by using F-TOPSIS. The proposed methodology is empirically applied to the construction sector of developing countries. The integrated framework provides a detailed and effective decision-making tool for uptake and adoption of SETs. Lastly, the robustness of the methodology is evaluated with the support of sensitivity analysis. Results indicate that government and economic barriers are the most critical barriers which can be overcome through cooperation of relevant authorities, financial assistance, and developing appropriate policies."
"AB The use of UAV (Unmanned Aerial Vehicles) in precision viticulture leads to a more flexible and efficient approach to vineyard management. Images from UAV help determine the condition of the vineyard. Identification of the missing roots of the vineyard in a row by semi-automatic image classification and its comparison with manual classification is a goal of the paper. This study presents a new methodology for the segmentation of vine and row gaps. RGB (Red-Green-Blue) images, multispectral images, Near-Infrared (NIR) images, and Normalized Differential Vegetation Index (NDVI) images were tested and compared with manual classification. The percentage of row gap and the accuracy of individual images were determined. Object-oriented classification of the vine and row gaps in the buffer zone of the vineyard is a core of our method. Using geostatistical methods, such as zonal and logistic regression statistics, the accuracy of individual data in buffer zones was evaluated. Areas of interest were parts of vineyards in Jelenec and Topolcianky. Success of the method detectomg outage (compared to manual classification) was achieved by images in the RGB spectrum: 96.45% for the Jelenec vineyard and 82.61% for the Topolcianky vineyard. By this method, we quickly determine row gaps/vine which can be used to optimize or reduce the application of fertilizers to be used only on the vine. The method can be also used by inspection authorities to reveal the actual condition of the vineyard."
"AB Biomass is an important energy source that has the ability to reduce dependencies on fossil fuels, while providing a greener source of energy and helping achieve sustainability. Among the most commonly used biomass feedstock is corn stover, corn residue remaining in the fields after harvesting. One of the biggest challenges of using corn stover as biomass feedstock is that burning it in field is the fastest and cheapest way for many growers so as to remove it and grow new crops. This leftover corn stover could be, instead, converted to bioethanol. In this work, we propose a decision support system for expanding existing biorefineries or building new ones to help stakeholders design a supply chain network model that converts all of the available corn stover to bioethanol. Two configurations presented in this study which is the existing plant expansion (EP) configuration and the combination of existing and new plant configuration (ENP), by exploring the incentive and greenhouse gas (GHG) emission price value for the bioenergy plant to achieve the goal. The aim of converting all corn stover is successfully achieved along with the other goals of achieving sustainability by reducing the amount of GHG emissions in the supply chain. Our results reveal that we can achieve a minimum amount of GHG emissions, while maximizing profit from the supply chain, when expanding existing plants and building new plants (ENP configuration) leading to a reduction of GHG emissions by 4%."
"AB Ecocompensation projects (EN) have two primary objectives: environmental protection and the livelihood maintenance of farmers. Farmers' ecocompensation expectations (FEEs) are a key factor that affects whether the design of ecological policy is targeted at practical problems. This article divides FEEs into three dependent variables and uses logistic regression and multiple regression models to analyze the influencing factors of FEEs. The results of a questionnaire survey based on 259 farmers in the area of Returning Farmland to Forest Project, with tropical and subtropical regions of China included, show that, first, farmers' willingness to participate in EPs is strong. Several indicators, such as policy cognition level, returned farmland area, and participation in other EPs, have been demonstrated to significantly affect farmers' willingness to participate. Second, the result of the contingent valuation method shows that farmers' expectations of compensation income are higher than the current standard. Farmers' returned farmland area, participation in other El's, and degree of satisfaction with the policy effect are primary influencing factors. Third, farmers' expectations of compensation mode, such as employment opportunities, technical guidance, and ecological migration, are greatly improving. The choice of compensation mode is mainly affected by policy cognition level, current compensation mode for returning farmland, and degree of satisfaction with the policy effect. This study can provide a new perspective for the policy adjustment of eco-environmental protection and farmers' livelihood choices in the tropical and subtropical regions of China."
"AB Research on the health impacts of green environments has mainly been conducted in developed countries. Differences in the urban forms between China and Western countries make it essential to understand the role of greenspace in Chinese settings. From 2014 to 2015, middle school students (n = 5643) in Suzhou, China were enrolled in a study on the health effect of residential greenness. The normalized difference vegetation index (NDVI) and distance to the nearest park were calculated for each home address. Logistic regression was performed to test associations between exposure and self-reported doctor diagnoses of asthma, pneumonia, rhinitis, and eczema, adjusting for important confounders. No statistically significant associations were observed for any seasonal NDVI-based measures. However, the proximity of the participants' residences to the closest park showed an inverse relationship to reported symptoms. The odds ratios for the furthest quartile compared to the closest quartile based on the distance to the nearest park were 0.58 (95% CI: 0.35, 0.99), 0.70 (95% CI: 0.50, 0.96), 0.92 (95% CI: 0.74, 1.15), 0.97 (95% CI: 0.76, 1.24), 0.86 (95% CI: 0.68, 1.10) for current asthma, ever asthma, ever pneumonia, ever rhinitis, and ever eczema, respectively. These findings focused on a single Chinese city and suggest that exposure to natural vegetation in urban areas may affect health through various pathways."
AB Background and Aims: To explore the relationship between habitual tea consumption and arterial stiffness.
"AB The purpose of the study was to evaluate the 1-year visual and anatomical outcomes of combination therapy with intravitreal aflibercept (IVA) and verteporfin photodynamic therapy (vPDT) for polypoidal choroidal vasculopathy (PCV), and to determine the predictors of a good visual outcome."
"AB Sustainable human factors and change management systems have been gaining significant attention at global level for implementation of sustainable practices within organisations. With the rise in environmental degradation, the automotive sector has made efforts to adopt Sustainable Manufacturing (SM) practices to decrease the adverse effects on the environment instigated by emissions. Human Critical Success Factors (HCSFs) may play an important role in adoption of SM but in literature, no study has yet discussed the influence of HCSFs on the adoption of SM practices. The current work is an effort to fill this gap and to analyse the importance of HCSFs in adopting SM practices from a multi-automotive company perspective. In the first phase study, HCSFs were identified from existing literature and an empirical analysis was carried out to finalise identified HCSFs. In the second phase, to understand the influential relationship among these HCSFs, a DEMATEL approach was employed for developing a cause-effect model for each company. The result suggested that 'Green motivation', 'Customer relationship management', 'Management leadership', 'Communication' and 'Strategic alignment' are the highly significant causal HCSFs in efficient adoption of SM practices. The results of the study will help industry practitioners and managers to make strategic plans in the context of SM practices and its relationship with human factors for sustainable business development. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB To assess the potential of the hymenopteran ectoparasitoid, Habrobracon hebetor Say as a biological control agent, we evaluated its response to different larval densities of two pyralid hosts, Palpita unionalis Hbn. and Galleria mellonella L. The former host is a serious pest of olive trees, whereas the latter is used as a factitious host in parasitoid mass rearing. In order to study the functional response of the parasitoid, five host densities (1, 2, 3, 5, 7) of either late instar larva per Petri dish were used. The shape of the functional response curve was determined using logistic regression and could be described as a type II response for both hosts, characterised by a monotonic decelerating increase in the number of hosts attacked with increasing host density. Female parasitoids allocated more eggs to the first larva attacked than all the remaining larvae. Aggregated dispersion patterns for parasitoid egg distribution at different host densities were estimated using the Green index. Multiple visits and ovipositions by females did not significantly affect the total number of progeny produced or their sex ratio. This study has generated novel information on egg laying, egg distribution and sex ratio of H. hebetor when reared on G. mellonella and has the potential to be used in the development of sustainable biological control programmes aimed at P. unionalis in olive orchards."
"AB Although they are aware of the possible risk, a high number of pedestrians still violate the red light indication and cross the road illegally. This hazardous behaviour may cause incidents between them and the road vehicles. In order to reduce this illegal behaviour, the traffic signals are equipped with countdown timers, in order to provide more information and decrease pedestrians' noncompliant behaviour. The main purpose of the present paper is to investigate the influence of countdown timers on pedestrians' compliance regarding their crossing behaviour at intersections as well as to examine the parameters affecting walking speed adaptation. In the context of this analysis two regression models were developed. The first model is a binary logistic regression model which examines pedestrians' self reported compliance. The results showed that the gender, the age, the perceived comfort and the seconds remaining for the onset of red light are the main parameters that affect compliance. The second model is an ordinal regression model which examines the factors that make pedestrians adapt their walking speed as they are crossing the road and are informed by the countdown timers about the second remaining for the termination of the green phase. The results of the second model revealed that the age, the compliance and the perceived assistance that the countdown timer provides for the walking speed adaptation affect the minimum remaining time before a pedestrian accelerates. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
TI Environmental exposures and health behavior in association with mental
TI Development of a non-dominated sorting genetic algorithm for
TI Quantitative analysis of colon perfusion pattern using indocyanine green
TI Social valuation of regulating and cultural ecosystem services of
TI Innovative countermeasures for red light running prevention at
TI Techno-Economic Analysis of ZnO Nanoparticles Pretreatments for Biogas
TI Adults' leisure-time physical activity and the neighborhood built
TI Improving Moderator Responsiveness in Online Peer Support Through
TI Sowing date and N application effects on tap root and above-ground dry
"TI Consumption of dairy, fruits and dark green leafy vegetables is"
TI Pan-human coronavirus and human bocavirus SYBR Green and TaqMan PCR
TI Monitoring spring phenology of individual tree crowns using
"TI Financial Inclusion, Socioeconomic Disaster Risks and Sustainable"
TI Color image encryption based on color blend and chaos permutation in the
TI Atrial Fibrillation Associated Genetic Variants and Left Atrial
TI Circularity of Brazilian silk: Promoting a circular bioeconomy in the
TI A fuzzy-stochastic multi-objective model for sustainable planning of a
TI Granular tabu search for the pickup and delivery problem with time
TI Evaluation of biomedical waste management practices in public and
TI Optimization of the simultaneous pickup and delivery vehicle routing
TI Dietary habits in Japanese patients with chronic spontaneous urticaria
TI Exploring the knowledge base and trajectories of knowledge dissemination
TI Association Between Fruit and Vegetable Consumption and Sleep Quantity
TI Digital twins probe into food cooling and biochemical quality changes
TI Development and Validation of an Intraoperative Nomogram to Predict
TI Optimization of Municipal Waste Collection Routing: Impact of Industry
TI Tactical supply chain planning for tyre remanufacturing considering
TI Recent sustainable trends in Vietnam's fashion supply chain
TI Machine-Learning Methods to Select Potential Depot Locations for the
TI A simplified environmental evaluation tool for food packaging to support
TI Modeling the interrelationships among barriers to sustainable supply
TI Unravelling urban-rural health disparities in England
TI The Study on Spatial Elements of Health-Supportive Environment in
TI Land-Use Spatio-Temporal Change and Its Driving Factors in an Artificial
TI Significance of multi-objective optimization in logistics problem for
TI Development and Validation of a Nomogram Based on Perioperative Factors
TI Motivating low-carbon initiatives among suppliers: The role of risk and
"TI Effects of composition and transportation logistics on environmental,"
TI On the maximum likelihood estimation for a normal distribution under
TI Preventive Command and Control Regulation: A Case Analysis
TI Sustainable Supply Chain Management Strategy Influence on Supply Chain
TI Modelling an environmentally-extended inventory routing problem with
TI Exploring Drivers of Innovative Technology Adoption Intention: The Case
TI How Sustainability Is Reflected in the S&P 500 Companies' Strategic
TI A speed and departure time optimization algorithm for the
"TI Environmental attitude, motivations and values for marine biodiversity"
TI Staff Empowerment Practices and CNA Retention: Findings From a
TI Consumers' Intention to Purchase Electric Vehicles: Influences of User
TI A Multiperiod Supply Chain Network Design Considering Carbon Emissions
TI Urban agglomeration worsens spatial disparities in climate adaptation
TI Influential factors for value creation within the Circular Economy:
TI A robust optimization model for efficient and green supply chain
TI Energy forecast for mobile photovoltaic systems with focus on trucks for
TI Understanding value creation in closed loop supply chains - Past
TI GxE Interactions between FOXO Genotypes and Tea Drinking Are
TI Simple colour image cryptosystem with very high level of security
TI Knowledge management in sustainable supply chain management: Improving
TI Sustainable supply chain management: framework and further research
TI Integrating neglected ecological impacts of road transport into
TI REVENANT OF THE ECOSYSTEM: AN ENVIRONMENTAL BASED GREEN COMPUTING MODELS
TI The role of supply chain leadership in the learning of sustainable
TI Convenient and accurate method for the identification of Chinese teas by
TI Rethinking waste within business history: A transnational perspective on
TI Evaluating public acceptance of autonomous delivery robots during
TI Analyzing the Perceived Benefits of LEED-Certified and Energy
TI A Field Experiment on Reducing Drinking Straw Consumption by Default
TI Sustainable supplier evaluation and selection with a novel two-stage DEA
TI Research on the relationship between urban form and urban smog in China
TI Fostering investment in resource efficiency actions: the case of
TI Quality of Public Open Spaces and Recreational Walking
TI Blockchain for the future of sustainable supply chain management in
TI Modelling urban land change processes and patterns for climate change
TI The adoption of environmentally sustainable supply chain management:
"TI Objective exposure to road traffic noise, noise annoyance and self-rated"
TI Consumer Perception of Environmentally Sustainable Products of Slovak
TI Various dimensional colour image encryption based on non-overlapping
TI Tactical supply chain planning under a carbon tax policy scheme: A case
TI Park Characteristics in Relation to Exercise and Recreational Walking
TI Review of supply chain performance measurement systems: 1998-2015
TI Enablers of sustainable supply chain management and its effect on
TI Measuring Enterprise Sustainability
TI Reduction of CO2 Emissions in Cumulative Multi-Trip Vehicle Routing
TI Corporate responsibility and value creation in the port sector
TI Beyond adoption of shared bike: A case study on antecedents and
TI Route Optimization of Electric Vehicle considering Soft Time Windows and
TI Leaders and Laggards in Environmental Innovation: An Empirical Analysis
TI Unfolding heterogeneity: The different policy drivers of different
TI Investigating the effect of value stream mapping on procurement
TI Modeling of the Drivers' Decision-Making Behavior During Yellow Phase
TI Modeling and performance analysis of a closed-loop supply chain using
TI Sustainable Retailing in the Fashion Industry: A Systematic Literature
TI An interactive possibilistic programming approach for a multi-objective
TI Can urban parks help with disaster risk reduction through educational
TI Spontaneous and repeat spontaneous abortion risk in relation to
TI Influence of organisational innovation and innovation in general on
TI Association of ZNF331 and WIF1 methylation in peripheral blood
TI Association between community greenness and obesity in urban-dwelling
TI Evaluation of Trypanosama evansi prevalence and risk factors in the
TI Maternal diet before and during pregnancy and risk of asthma and
TI The enabling role of formalized corporate networks to drive small and
TI Occurrence of green tobacco sickness and associated factors in farmers
TI Analysis of Critical Success Factors to Design E-waste Collection Policy
TI Self-Determined Motivation Mediates the Association between
TI Predictors of occult stress urinary incontinence
TI Influence of shade and scarification on the germination of Ischaemum
TI Exploring Industry 4.0 technologies to enable circular economy practices
TI Spatiotemporal dynamics of citrus huanglongbing spread: a case study
"TI Cross-Sectional, Short-, Medium-, and Long-Term Effects of Dietary"
TI Observed variability in soil moisture in engineered urban green
TI Effect of Low Temperature and Wheat Winter-Hardiness on Survival of
TI Is open access publication useful for all research fields? Presence of
"TI Spots, traps, and patches: asymptotic analysis of localized solutions to"
TI A robust hybrid decision model to evaluate critical factors of reverse
TI Knowledge of stroke and medication adherence among patients with
TI Poaching impedes the selection of optimal post-fire forage in three
TI Prevalence and beverage-related risk factors of gastroesophageal reflux
TI Designing an uncertain bi-objective green leagile capacitated lot sizing
TI An exploratory analysis to identify behavior change techniques of
TI Spatiotemporal influences of land use/cover changes on the heat island
TI Microsurgical Clipping of Anterior Choroidal Artery Aneurysms: A
TI Access to public spaces and physical activity for Mexican adult women
TI Disposal and reuse of the information technology waste: a case study in
"TI Vicinity of Schools, But Not of Residences, Seems to Regulate Physical"
"TI A comparison of ground-based methods for obtaining large-scale,"
TI Daily Coffee and Green Tea Consumption Is Inversely Associated with Body
TI Habitual tea drinking associated with a lower risk of type 2 diabetes in
TI ICT and renewable energy: a way forward to the next generation telecom
TI Multi-College Bystander Intervention Evaluation for Violence Prevention
TI Tea consumption is inversely associated with depressive symptoms in the
TI Application of Multi-Objective Optimization Based on Genetic Algorithm
TI Urban greenspace and the indoor environment: Pathways to health via
TI Mental Health of Young Australians during the COVID-19 Pandemic:
TI Comparison of MODIS-based vegetation indices and methods for winter
TI Between approval and disapproval: Citizens' views on the invasive tree
TI The Role of Intraoperative Indocyanine Green in Robot-assisted Partial
TI Associations between alteration in plant phenology and hay fever
TI Residential greenness and prevalence of major depressive disorders: a
TI Correlation between reduction in microvascular transit time after
TI Battery Electric Vehicle adoption in regions without strong policies
TI Individuals' personality and consumption of organic food
TI The fourth industrial revolution: a game-changer for the tourism and
TI Prioritization of sustainable supply chain practices with triple bottom
TI Biodegradability and toxicity of dodecyl trimethyl ammonium chloride in
TI Electric vehicle routing problem with machine learning for energy
"TI The analysis of demographics, environmental and knowledge factors"
TI A hybrid decision model for supplier selection in Online Fashion Retail
TI The Effects of Releasing Greenbelt Restrictions on Land Development in
TI Environmental Impacts and Attitudes of Agricultural Enterprises for
TI VEGETATION INDICES FOR IRRIGATED CORN MONITORING
"TI Exploring adolescents' knowledge, perceptions and attitudes towards"
TI Assessing the Key Attributes of Low Utilization of Mammography Screening
"TI Sustainable supply chain management in the chemical industry: Evolution,"
TI Validation of the Advanced Clinical Solutions Word Choice Test (WCT) in
TI Sustainable Supply Chains: Evidence from Small and Medium-Sized
"TI Government intervention on cooperation, competition, and coopetition of"
TI Impact of UAV Delivery on Sustainability and Costs under Traffic
TI Kuwaiti consumers' willingness to pay for environmental protection in
   Design/methodology/approach - Contingent valuation methods based on log-logistic and log-normal regression models revealed that consumers in Kuwait are willing to pay a price premium of approximately 40 Kuwaiti dinars for environmental protection in Failaka island based on the double-bound dichotomous choice model.
TI More than money? An empirical investigation of socio-psychological
TI Data-driven approaches to derive parameters for lot-scale urban
TI Customer Behavior on the Slovakian Roundwood Market: A Case Study
TI Environmental sustainability and production: taking the road less
TI Conceptual framework for measuring carbon footprint in supply chains
TI Genetic algorithm for minimizing the fuel consumption
TI The impact of sulphur limit fuel regulations on maritime supply chain
TI Drivers for the Adoption of Sustainable Manufacturing Practices: A
TI Closed loop supply chain network design under uncertain price-sensitive
TI Influencing factors for the purchase intention of consumers choosing
TI ESTIMATION OF CORK PRODUCTION USINGAERIAL IMAGERY
TI Authentication of pineapple (Ananas comosus [L.] Merr.) fruit maturity
TI Charge scheduling for electric freight vehicles
TI Minimizing total carbon emissions in an integrated machine scheduling
TI Tackling post-pandemic challenges with digital technologies: an
TI Total carbon emissions minimization in connected and automated vehicle
TI New mixed integer approach to solve a multi-level capacitated
"TI Electric Vehicle Routing, Arc Routing, and Team Orienteering Problems in"
TI Critical success factors of supply chain integration in container
TI Big Data Trip Classification on the New York City Taxi and Uber Sensor
TI Developing alternative forest spatial management plans when carbon and
TI Gallstone disease and its correlates among patients attending teaching
TI Exploring the human factor in cyber-enabled and cyber-dependent crime
TI Driving Factors and Future Prediction of Land Use and Cover Change Based
TI Medication Adherence and Its Association with Health Literacy and
TI Simulating land use/land cover change in an arid region with the
TI A Case-Control Study to Evaluate Environmental and Lifestyle Risk
TI Unexploited potential to diversify monotonous crop sequencing at high
TI Cassava NDVI Analysis: A Nonlinear Mixed Model Approach Based on
TI Optimising and Communicating Options for the Control of Invasive Plant
TI Evaluating sustainable supply chain indicators using fuzzy AHP Case of
TI Medication adherence and its associated factors among hypertensive
TI Assessment of ischemic risk following intracranial-to-intracranial and
TI Evolution of sustainability in supply chain management: A literature
TI Differences in adults' health and health behaviour between 16 European
TI Intakes of Specific Categories of Vegetables and Fruits Are Inversely
TI Clinical impact of intraoperative bile leakage during laparoscopic liver
TI High consumption of vegetable and fruit colour groups is inversely
TI Analysis of Crossing Behavior and Violations of Electric Bikers at
TI Biomass Availability in Europe as an Alternative Fuel for Full
"TI Corporate environmental sustainability in the retail sector: Drivers,"
TI Bisphenol A and other environmental risk factors for prostate cancer in
TI The Association Between Natural Environments and Depressive Symptoms in
TI The association between residential density and physical activity among
TI Hydrogen refueling station networks for heavy-duty vehicles in future
TI Biomass Smoke Exposure Is Associated With Gastric Cancer and Probably
TI SCORE-BASED AND NUTRIENT-DERIVED DIETARY PATTERNS ARE ASSOCIATED WITH
TI Open access to journal articles in oncology: current situation and
TI Motivations and built environment factors associated with campus
TI Eco-efficient management of a feeding system in an automobile
TI The VASOGRADE A Simple Grading Scale for Prediction of Delayed Cerebral
TI Association of habitual intake of fruits and vegetables with depressive
TI Designing an environmental supply chain network in the mining industry
TI Occupational exposure to pesticides and central nervous system tumors:
TI Assessment of adherence to anti-tuberculosis treatment and predictors
TI Pair Housing of Vervets/African Green Monkeys for Biomedical Research
TI Cerebral Blood Flow Measurement by Near-Infrared Spectroscopy During
TI Simulation of urban agglomeration ecosystem spatial distributions under
TI High-risk pregnancies and their association with severe maternal
TI Diagnostic Performance of Indocyanine Green Plus Methylene Blue Versus
TI Cooking Frequency and Perception of Diet among US Adults Are Associated
"TI Food taboo among pregnant Ethiopian women: magnitude, drivers, and"
TI Using Indocyanine Green Extraction to Predict Liver Function After
TI Comparison of proposed countermeasures for dilemma zone at signalized
TI Comparison between preoperative two-dimensional shear wave elastography
"TI Neighbourhood environment and dementia in older people from high-,"
TI Benefits of the ecosystem services provided by urban green
TI Robust Optimization of a Distribution Network Location-Routing Problem
TI Prediction of lump coal particle pickup velocity in pneumatic conveying
TI A study of the influence of sustainable management activities on
TI Assessing the social sustainability of supply chains using Best Worst
TI Investigation of transient dynamics of capillary assisted particle
TI A framework for measuring carbon emissions for inbound transportation
TI Feasibility study of stain-free classification of cell apoptosis based
TI Estimation of the economic value of the recreational service provided by
TI Multi-directional local search for sustainable supply chain network
"TI The effect of motivators, supply, and lean management on sustainable"
TI Egyptian consumers' willingness to pay for carbon-labeled products: A
TI Making Hemp Choices: Evidence from Vermont
TI Sustainable Supply Chain Management-A Conceptual Framework and Future
TI Management of sustainable manufacturing systems-a review on mathematical
TI A fuzzy AHP and fuzzy multi-objective linear programming model for order
TI Greening the food supply chain: an optimisation model for sustainable
TI Color image compression and encryption scheme based on compressive
TI Comparison of Productivity and Cost between Two Integrated Harvesting
TI Effect of culturing parameters on the vegetative growth of Haematococcus
TI Electric vehicle-routing problem with charging demands and energy
TI Sustainable operations practices and sustainable performance:
TI Indoor environmental quality factors that matter to workplace occupants:
TI Social cognition and paranoia in forensic inpatients with schizophrenia:
TI Field detection and classification of citrus Huanglongbing based on
"TI How Urban Parks Offer Opportunities for Physical Activity in Dublin,"
TI The Coevolution of Relationship Dominant Logic and Supply Risk
TI Impact of metallothionein gene polymorphisms on the risk of lung cancer
TI Developing an assessment framework for managing sustainability programs:
TI The dawning of the age of high-efficiency vessels
"TI Destination labels for historic villages: The impact on perception,"
TI Sustainability dimensions and PM2.5 in supply chain logistics
TI Closed-loop supply chain network design for the paper industry: A
TI Corporate Social Responsibility Practices in the US: Using Reverse
TI Enabling the Circular Economy transition: a sustainable lean
TI Market linkages for the major onion markets in India
TI Hazard rate models for core return modeling in auto parts
TI Quantitative Environmental Equity Analysis of Perceived Accessibility to
TI A total life cycle cost model (TLCCM) for the circular economy and its
TI Supply chain collaboration for sustainability: A literature review and
TI Sustainably integrated port supply chains: concepts and propositions
TI Travel Mode of Commuting in Context of Subjective Well-Being-Experience
TI Supply chain redesign in the aquaculture supply chain: a longitudinal
TI A column generation approach for an emission-oriented vehicle routing
"TI Environmental risk management in supply chains: A taxonomy, a framework"
TI A Fuzzy Logic-Based Tool for the Assessment of Corporate Sustainability:
TI Optimal decision making for emissions reduction measures for Italian
TI Utility of Green's Word Memory Test Free Recall Subtest as a Measure of
TI Routing a mixed fleet of electric and conventional vehicles
TI Sustainable Supply Chain in the Era of Industry 4.0 and Big Data: A
"TI Supply vessel planning under cost, environment and robustness"
"TI Coordinating economic incentives, customer service and pricing decisions"
"TI High Ambient Temperature and Infant Mortality in Philadelphia,"
TI Prediction of human eye colour using highly informative phenotype SNPs
TI GVRP considered oil-gas recovery in refined oil distribution: From an
TI Age-Friendly Features in Home and Community and the Self-Reported Health
TI Adhesion to antihypertensive drug terapy in primary health care in a
"TI Dynamics of supply environment and information system: Integration,"
TI An integrated approach for performance evaluation in sustainable supply
TI Designing a Sustainable Reverse Logistics Network Considering the
TI Impact of sustainability and manufacturing practices on supply chain
TI Profit Maximization for Waste Furniture Recycled in Taiwan Using
"TI Mobility, Citizens, Innovation and Technology in Digital and Smart"
TI Exploring factors contributing to lane changes during left turns on
"TI The importance of instrumental, symbolic, and environmental attributes"
TI Competitive channels coordination in a closed-loop supply chain based on
TI The impact of protectability and proactiveness on the environmental
TI Improving sustainable supply chain capabilities using social media in a
TI Observed physical activity among Latinx and White men and women on a new
TI Vehicle routing problem with steep roads
"TI Perceived built environment, health-related quality of life and health"
TI A two-phase Pareto local search heuristic for the bi-objective
TI An investigation into the issue of overpackaging-examining the case of
TI Crowdsourcing in Sustainable Retail-A Theoretical Framework of Success
TI Behavioral and dietary risk factors of recurrent urinary tract infection
TI Phenology estimation of subtropical bamboo forests based on assimilated
TI Detection of autumn leaf phenology and color brightness from repeat
TI Preoperative regional maximal removal rate of technetium-99m-galactosyl
TI Agricultural Land Abandonment and Farmers' Perceptions of Land Use
TI Determinants of the EU Citizens' Attitudes towards the European Energy
TI Ethiopian Orthodox Fasting and Lactating Mothers: Longitudinal Study on
TI A tiered stochastic framework for assessing crop yield loss risks due to
TI Barriers to product return management in automotive manufacturing firms
TI Wound Infections of Snakebites from the VenomousProtobothrops
TI Diet-derived fruit and vegetable metabolites show sex-specific inverse
TI Tea Consumption and Cognitive Impairment: A Cross-Sectional Study among
TI Estimating maize biomass and yield over large areas using high spatial
TI Packaged food consumption and understanding of front-of-pack labels in
"TI Quality of urban green spaces influences residents' use of these spaces,"
TI Risk Factors for Anemia Among Pregnant Women Attending the Antenatal
TI INNOVATIVE MANAGEMENT OF COMMON-POOL RESOURCES BY SMART CONTRACTS
TI Laparoscopic sentinel node mapping with intracervical indocyanine green
TI An action research approach for measurement of sustainability in a
TI Social norm nudges in shopping trolleys to promote vegetable purchases:
TI Unraveling the risk factors for spontaneous intracerebral hemorrhage
TI Evaluating land surface phenology from the Advanced Himawari Imager
TI Obesity and obesogenic growth are both highly heritable and modified by
"TI Air pollution, land use, and complications of pregnancy"
TI Analyzing the Long-Term Phenological Trends of Salt Marsh Ecosystem
TI Approach-level real-time crash risk analysis for signalized
TI Implementation of environmental management practices in the Ghanaian
TI Evaluating the vegetation restoration sustainability of ecological
TI An ISM approach for the barrier analysis in implementing sustainable
TI The effect of residential greenness and city park visiting habits on
TI Planning low carbon urban-rural ecosystems: An integrated transport
TI No Consistent Evidence for Advancing or Delaying Trends in Spring
TI Maternal Dietary Patterns during the Second Trimester Are Associated
TI Child assessments of vegetable preferences and cooking self-efficacy
TI Effects of Portal Hypertension on Gadoxetic Acid-Enhanced Liver Magnetic
TI Dietary Patterns Are Not Consistently Associated with Variability in
"TI The Relationship between Urbanization, the Built Environment, and"
TI Association of loss of Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program
TI Perceptions of cigarette pack inserts promoting cessation and dissuasive
TI Unleashing proactive low-carbon strategies through behavioral factors in
TI Prediction of Hypertension Based on Facial Complexion
TI Sustainable Supplier Evaluation and Selection of Fresh Agricultural
TI Key Performance Indicators to Assess and Reverse the Negative Impacts of
TI A Comparative Analysis between Global University Rankings and
TI Crypt-Tag Authentication in NFC Implementation for Medicine Data
"TI Using GIS and Random Forests to identify fire drivers in a forest city,"
TI A new model for designing sustainable supply chain networks and its
TI Understanding the market for remanufactured products: what can we learn
TI Assessing sustainability in the supply chain: A triple bottom line
TI Performance outcomes of supply chain practices for sustainable
TI Time-dependent vehicle routing problem with time windows of city
TI A chaotic image encryption algorithm combining 2D chaotic system and
TI Application of MCDM Methods in Sustainability Engineering: A Literature
TI Multi-Objective Algorithm for Blood Supply via Unmanned Aerial Vehicles
TI Data-driven approaches for emissions-minimized paths in urban areas
TI Sustainable supply chain management: a modeling perspective
TI TOWARDS SUSTAINABLE MARKETING: STRATEGY IN SLOVAK COMPANIES
TI Combining Eco-Design and LCA as Decision-Making Process to Prevent
TI Urban upbringing and psychotic experiences in the United States: A
TI The multi-port berth allocation problem with speed optimization and
TI Managing product returns to achieve supply chain sustainability: an
TI A large multi-group decision-making technique for prioritizing the big
TI Organic solid waste management in a circular economy perspective - A
TI Trade-offs between environmental and economic performance in production
TI A multi-objective meta-heuristic approach for the design and planning of
TI Menu Engineering and Dietary Behavior Impact on Young Adults'
TI Impacts of urban built environment on empty taxi trips using limited
TI GREEN URBAN DISTRIBUTION: EVALUATION OF ADAPTED MEASURES FOR THE CITY OF
TI Using Product/Service-System Family Design for Efficient Customization
TI A methodology for fresh tomato maturity detection using computer vision
TI Using the Integrative Model of Behavioral Prediction to Predict
TI Reducing food losses and carbon emission by using autonomous control - A
TI Big Data Impacting Dynamic Food Safety Risk Management in the Food Chain
TI Treatment adherence in patients more than 65 years who experience early
TI Relationship between sustainable operations practices and performance: a
TI Performance measurement of sustainable freight transportation: a
TI Clinical Features of Eyes with Polypoidal Choroidal Vasculopathy and No
TI Tea consumption reduces the risk of de novo myelodysplastic syndromes
TI A Virtual-Reality and Soundscape-Based Approach for Assessment and
TI Deceleration of economic growth - The main course seeking sustainability
"TI Spatial Unevenness of Formation, Remediation and Persistence of"
TI Using mixed methods to design service quality evaluation indicator
TI Decarbonizing strategies of the retail sector following the Paris
TI Economic impact analysis for combating HLB in key lime citrus groves in
TI Prospective evaluation of circular economy practices within plastic
"TI Citizenship, language, education and poverty among Mexican migrants in"
"TI Product return management: Linking product returns, closed-loop supply"
TI Factors affecting the travel mode choice of the urban elderly in
TI Cooperative Passive Coherent Location: A Promising 5G Service to Support
TI Agile supply chain management (ASCM): a management decision-making
"TI Data analytics in pharmaceutical supply chains: state of the art,"
TI GIS method and its application for harmonious evaluation of urban
TI The canopy coverage is correlated with the number of shoots produced by
TI New frontiers in agriculture productivity: Optimised microbial
TI On the role of regional hubs in the environmental sustainability of
TI Evidence for chromatic edge detectors in human vision using
TI The social dynamics of safe sex practices among Canadian sex industry
TI Estimating Natural Environmental Characteristics of Subsidized
TI An outlook of Malaysian biomass industry commercialisation: Perspectives
TI Coloration of Flowers by Flavonoids and Consequences of pH Dependent
TI The consumption of coffee and black tea and the risk of lung cancer
TI Towards fuzzy preference relationship based on decision making approach
TI Operational Excellence within Sustainable Development Concept-Systematic
TI Transitioning China to a circular economy through remanufacturing: A
TI Hiding cipher-images generated by 2-D compressive sensing with a
TI Investment barriers under a renewable-electricity support scheme:
TI Modelling a closed-loop supply chain with a heterogeneous fleet under
TI Gender differences in accident risk with e-bikes-Survey data from Norway
TI Adaptive variable neighborhood search solution methods for the fleet
TI SELECTION OF OIL PALM MALE PARENTS FOR OPTIMAL PLANTING DENSITY
TI A discrete-event simulation model to test multimodal strategies for a
TI Healthy aging with parks: Association between park accessibility and the
TI Modeling Drivers' Stopping Behaviors during Yellow Intervals at
TI EMERGING DISCOURSE INCUBATOR: The Roles of Institutional Complexity and
"TI Forests to buildings: Tree species utilization, technology, scale of"
TI Integration of adaptive neural fuzzy inference system and fuzzy rough
TI Blood pressure is associated with tea consumption: A cross-sectional
TI Artificial neural network model for preoperative prediction of severe
TI Assessing a novel modelling approach with high resolution UAV imagery
TI Uncertain supply chain network design considering carbon footprint and
TI Factors affecting potential for Palmer amaranth (Amaranthus palmeri)
TI Healthy-Sustainable Housing Index: A Pilot Study to Link Architecture
TI Understanding the interaction among the barriers of biodiesel production
TI Product recovery optimization in closed-loop supply chain to improve
TI Consumption of fruits and vegetables and association with life habits
TI Estimated daily quercetin intake and association with the prevalence of
TI Differences in modifiable factors of oral squamous cell carcinoma in the
TI Comparison of technology efficiency for CO2 emissions reduction among
"TI What drives home solar PV uptake? Subsidies, peer effects and visibility"
TI Assessing the impacts of collection-delivery points to individual's
TI Circular economy at the micro level: A dynamic view of incumbents'
TI Urban Nature and Public Health: How Nature Exposure and Sociocultural
TI Presenting an integrated BWM-VIKOR-based approach for selecting
TI UNISON data-driven intermittent demand forecast framework to empower
TI Associations between overhead-view and eye-level urban greenness and
TI A Multi-Echelon Network Design in a Dual-Channel Reverse Supply Chain
TI Enzymatic Hydrolysis in the Green Production of Bacterial Cellulose
TI Factors Influencing Medication Non-Adherence among Chinese Older Adults
TI Examination of the relationship between dietary choice and consumer
TI Usual Cruciferous Vegetable Consumption and Ovarian Cancer: A
TI A state-of-the-art review and meta-analysis on sustainable supply chain
"TI Association Between Compensatory Overaction of the Non-Injured Eye,"
TI Influence of Dietary Intake on Sleeping Patterns of Medical Students
TI On the Necessity and Effects of Considering Correlated Stochastic Speeds
"TI ""Natural wine"" consumers and interest in label information: An analysis"
TI Obesity risk in women of childbearing age in New Zealand: a nationally
TI The role of electric vehicles for supply chain sustainability in the
TI Multi-criteria decision making in supply chain management based on
TI Alternative fuel vehicle-routing problem: A life cycle analysis of
TI Costing the Forest Operations and the Supply of Hardwood in Tennessee
TI Mobile phone text messaging improves antihypertensive drug adherence in
TI Don't it make your brown eyes blue? A comparison of iris colour across
TI Location of Charging Stations in Electric Car Sharing Systems
TI Putting environmental technologies into the mainstream: Adoption of
TI EFFECT OF SPEED ON EMISSIONS OF AIR POLLUTANTS IN URBAN ENVIRONMENT:
TI Robust optimisation for ripple effect on reverse supply chain: an
TI A decision support system for single-period single sourcing problem in
TI In-depot upgrading the quality of fuel chips for a commercial
TI Leaf area influence in the rooting of superior Gmelina arborea Roxb.
TI What Types of Greenspaces Are Associated with Depression in Urban and
TI Externalities and House Prices: A Stated Preferences Approach
TI The prospects of zero-packaging grocery stores to improve the social and
TI Achieving sustainability through the lean and resilient management of
TI Adults' Perceptions of Nicotine Harm to Children
"TI BIOCHEMICAL RESPONSES FROM BIOMASS OF ISOLATED CHLORELLA SP., UNDER"
TI Quality of life in cities - Empirical evidence in comparative European
TI Neighborhood Environment and Child Health in Immigrant Families: Using
TI Novel modifications of social engineering optimizer to solve a truck
TI Parental Mental Well-Being and Frequency of Adult-Child Nature Visits:
"TI ""A decision support approach for evaluating liquefied natural gas supply"
TI Towards a sustainable biobased industry - Highlighting the impact of
TI A STUDY OF COST AND EMISSIONS CONSIDERING SPEED OPTIMIZATION IN TRANS
TI Enhanced recovery after surgery strategy for cirrhosis patients
TI Stay-green associates with low water soluble carbohydrates at flowering
TI Unbound Bilirubin and Auditory Neuropathy Spectrum Disorder in Late
TI The problems of environmentally involved firms: innovation obstacles and
TI Analyzing interrelationships and prioritising the factors influencing
TI Performance of Smoothing Methods for Reconstructing NDVI Time-Series and
TI Stochastic inventory-routing problem with lateral transshipment for
TI Modelling the intensity of surface urban heat island and predicting the
TI Tea drinking habits and osteoporotic hip/femur fractures: A case-control
TI Kinetic theory of age-structured stochastic birth-death processes
TI Comparison of UAV and Boat Surveys for Detecting Changes in Breeding
TI Different types of urban natural environments influence various
TI Developing closed loop supply chains for environmental sustainability:
TI Are public open space attributes associated with walking and depression?
TI A risk-based green location-inventory-routing problem for hazardous
TI Evaluation on the risk controlling value of urban soil organic
TI Associations with Meibomian Gland Atrophy in Daily Contact Lens Wearers
TI Mixture Ratio Design Optimization of Coal Gangue-Based Geopolymer
TI Daily fruit and vegetable consumption and diabetes status in middle-aged
TI Statistical landslide susceptibility assessment in a dynamic
TI A framework for benchmarking product sustainability efforts Using
TI Uptake and Adoption of Sustainable Energy Technologies: Prioritizing
TI Using UAV images for semiautomatic detection of row-gaps in vineyards in
TI Plant capacity level and location as a mechanism for sustainability in
TI What Affects Farmers' Ecocompensation Expectations? An Empirical Study
TI Effect of Residential Greenness and Nearby Parks on Respiratory and
TI A Cross-sectional Study of the Relationship Between Habitual Tea
TI One-year outcome of combination therapy with intravitreal aflibercept
TI Do human critical success factors matter in adoption of sustainable
TI Effects of Palpita unionalis and Galleria mellonella larval densities on
TI Pedestrian compliance and cross walking speed adaptation due to
