"AB Although they are aware of the possible risk, a high number of pedestrians still violate the red light indication and cross the road illegally. This hazardous behaviour may cause incidents between them and the road vehicles. In order to reduce this illegal behaviour, the traffic signals are equipped with countdown timers, in order to provide more information and decrease pedestrians' noncompliant behaviour. The main purpose of the present paper is to investigate the influence of countdown timers on pedestrians' compliance regarding their crossing behaviour at intersections as well as to examine the parameters affecting walking speed adaptation. In the context of this analysis two regression models were developed. The first model is a binary logistic regression model which examines pedestrians' self reported compliance. The results showed that the gender, the age, the perceived comfort and the seconds remaining for the onset of red light are the main parameters that affect compliance. The second model is an ordinal regression model which examines the factors that make pedestrians adapt their walking speed as they are crossing the road and are informed by the countdown timers about the second remaining for the termination of the green phase. The results of the second model revealed that the age, the compliance and the perceived assistance that the countdown timer provides for the walking speed adaptation affect the minimum remaining time before a pedestrian accelerates. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB This contribution addresses the optimal design of the biomass supply chain as it is crucial to ensure long term viability of such a project. This work is focused on the multi objective optimization by considering all the dimension of the sustainable development, namely economic, environmental, and social. The environmental dimension is quantified through life cycle assessment, and more particularly the Ecocosts method. The social aspect is measured through two indicators: the competition between energy and food, and the total number of local accrued jobs. For the latter a new method based on financial accounting analysis is proposed to estimate the direct, indirect and induced jobs created."
AB Purpose: The Spectralis Heidelberg retina angiography + optical coherence tomography (OCT) device often fails to acquire near-infrared autofluorescence (NI-AF) due to poor signal because of interference by the beam splitter used for aligning the laser source with the OCT diode light source. We report the rates of successful NI-AF image acquisition using indocyanine green angiography (ICGA) mode (without dye) compared with combined fluorescein angiography (FA) + ICGA mode (without dye) in patients with geographic atrophy (GA).
AB Problem
"AB Emissions from shipping due to the burning of the sulphur content of marine fuels conduce to air pollution in the form of sulphur dioxide and particulate matter. Various international organisations and institutions impose environmental standards on their member states to limit the emission of greenhouse gases. This paper examines both the potential effects of the emerging international maritime emission regulations on the competition between seaports and the potential underlying economic motivations fostering the discussion of introducing Emission Control Areas. It focuses on deepsea shipping. Another novelty is that the environmental issues are addressed from a policy, an economic and a legislative viewpoint. For the policy-related part, it is found that the political theory of public choice suggests that not the green lobby but rather the petrochemical lobby is the major driving factor behind the very strict emission caps. A potential port shift from Northern Europe to Mediterranean ports seems unlikely due to logistics disadvantages and service problems in Southern European ports. Finally, no convincing proof was found that the main liner companies would be unprepared for this legislation and should be persuaded to change their routes in favour of Mediterranean ports solely on account of the various emission regulations. The legal analysis, however, showed that the current enforcement regime of MARPOL Annex VI should be improved in order to rule out the possibility of a low degree of compliance and to protect the competiveness of complying (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Consumers want sustainability, but at what price? With growing demands for environmental and social sustainability, retailers aim to understand how consumers might react to adaptations in retail practices. This research examines consumers' perceptions towards retailers' environmental and social sustainability practices and the moderating effect of price in different cultural contexts. Quantitative research methodology using scenario-based experiments was employed. Two experiments were conducted using research participants from the US (a more individualist country) and Turkey (a more collectivist country) and measured one dimension of culture, individualism versus collectivism. The results reveal that high prices negatively moderate consumers' response to retailers' sustainability efforts. Even though there is no significant interaction between either type of sustainability and price on purchase intention, high sustainability along with a low-price strategy leads to an increase in consumers' commitment, satisfaction, and loyalty. Furthermore, the results demonstrate that high prices have a more negative effect on consumers' responses in a collectivist country. This study highlights the importance of price in both individualist and collectivist cultures and provides a better understanding of a neglected dimension of sustainability, social sustainability. Managers need to be aware of the increasing demand from consumers for environmentally and socially sustainable practices but need to recognize that consumers may not be willing to pay more for these products. Companies need to formulate business strategies based on low priced-sustainable products and the cultural context of the country in which they operate."
"AB Purpose - The purpose of this paper is to identify the distinguishing socio-demographic and psychographic features of convinced sustainable consumers in contrast to convinced conventional consumers. Furthermore, it contributes to the sparse literature about tea consumption."
"AB Parks hold an essential role in promoting physical activity in urban areas. Studies have found that park characteristics such as park size, facilities, accessibility, and aesthetics are reported to have a positive association with increasing physical activity of the urban populations. However, the evidence in the context of Southeast Asian cities is still lacking, as most studies are from North America and Europe. The study explores the associations between park characteristics and park-based physical activity in Bangkok, Thailand. Ten major public parks were examined using the System for Observing Play and Recreation in Communities (SOPARC). Descriptive analysis was used to understand the characteristics of park users and park-based physical activity. A bivariate logistic regression model was employed to determine the variables of park characteristics and of having moderate to vigorous physical activity (MVPA). We found that parks with bigger sizes and better access to public transport were associated with a higher likelihood of users having MVPA in the park. We also found that adding more facilities in the park, even if they are specifically aimed for physical activity, would not increase the likelihood of having MVPA. The findings from the study suggested that investing in better accessibility and physical quality of existing parks as well as improving equal opportunities for park use will be a more sensible option for promoting park-based physical activity in Bangkok, Thailand."
"AB Revealing grassland growing season spatial patterns and their climatic controls is crucial for estimating the spatial heterogeneity of grassland productivity and carbon sequestration. In this study, we first used satellite-derived normalized difference vegetation index data and a double logistic function to extract the start (SOS), end (EOS), and length of the growing season in midlatitude grasslands of the Northern Hemisphere during 1981-2014. Then, we verified the accuracy of satellite-derived SOS and EOS using ground-observed phenological records and gross primary production data at some locations. Moreover, we analyzed the spatial patterns of growing season indicators and their climatic controls. Results show that both SOS and EOS appear first in cool semidesert grasslands (CG), then in temperate grasslands (TG) and alpine grasslands (AG), and finally in warm semidesert grasslands (WG). A delaying tendency of SOS and EOS from north to south was identified in TG of North America. In contrast, an advancing tendency of SOS and EOS from north to south was detected in CG of Central and Western Asia. Further analysis indicates that a spatial opposite effect of spring temperature and precipitation triggers SOS in TG, whereas a spatial synergy effect of spring temperature and precipitation triggers SOS in CG of Asia, WG, and AG. Meanwhile, a spatial synergy effect of autumn temperature and precipitation triggers EOS for TG of North America and AG, whereas a spatial opposite effect of autumn temperature and precipitation determines EOS for CG."
"AB Metal toxicity toward microorganisms is usually evaluated by determining growth inhibition. To achieve a mechanistic interpretation of such toxic effects, the intricate coupling between cell growth kinetics and metal partitioning dynamics at the cell-solution interface over time must be considered on a quantitative level. A formalism is elaborated to evaluate cell-surface-bound, internalized, and extracellular metal fractions in the limit where metal uptake kinetics is controlled by internalization under noncomplexing medium conditions. Cell growth kinetics is tackled using the continuous logistic equation modified to include growth inhibition by metal accumulation to intracellular or cell surface sites. The theory further includes metal-proton competition for adsorption at cell-surface binding sites, as well as possible variation of cell size during exposure to metal ions. The formalism elucidates the dramatic impacts of initial cell concentration on metal bioavailability and toxicity over time, in agreement with reported algae bioassays. It further highlights that appropriate definition of toxicity endpoints requires careful inspection of the ratio between exposure time scale and time scale of metal depletion from bulk solution. The latter depends on metal internalization-excretion rate constants, microorganism growth, and the extent of metal adsorption on nonspecific, transporter, and growth inhibitory sites. As an application of the theory, Cd toxicity in the algae Pseudokirchneriella subcapitata is interpreted from constrained modeling of cell growth kinetics and of interfacial Cd-partitioning dynamics measured under various exposure conditions."
"AB The article explores the impact of environmental management practices, which support regenerative thinking in Russian companies, on financial performance determined by the ability of businesses to generate an income stream. The study relies on the theory of circular economy and environmental management and applies the methods of linear and logistic regression analysis. The empirical basis includes the results of a survey of Russian companies conducted by the World Bank in 2019. The research findings show that the depth of implementation of environmental management practices depends on the presence of a formalized strategy and top management experience, as well as on the introduction of process innovation. We find that the practices under consideration such as the development of a vision and an environmental management strategy, targeting and monitoring, systematic management of energy resources and green innovation significantly contribute to the additional revenue stream of Russian companies. In contrast to previous works, the current study reveals that the system-based implementation of certain environmental management practices is a precursor to the introduction of a circular economy, which creates a holistic view of resource flows and is designed to enhance the performance of both manufacturing and service companies. In the paper, we also analyze the two-way interaction of the management practices and financial performance. Managers and investors can use the research results to examine the main drivers of revenue growth related to environmental management initiatives characteristic of the circular economy."
AB Aims: This study aimed to analyse the association between adherence to treatment and glycaemic control in people with type 2 diabetes mellitus.
"AB The valorisation of food waste is an increasingly practical and sustainable solution to the problem of a growing demand for chemicals, fuels and materials and the rising tonnage of municipal waste sent to landfill. Spent coffee grounds (SCG) are the end product of the coffee processing industry, generated after beverage preparation, and have been exploited as a valuable source of polysaccharides, lipids, protein, minerals and bioactive secondary metabolites including diterpenes, sterols, chlorogenic acids, flavonoids and caffeine. Within the biorefinery paradigm, where renewable resources are converted into a range of high, medium and low value products, in an analogous manner to fossil fuels in a petrochemical refinery, SCG have been established as an amenable lignocellulosic feedstock through numerous research efforts. In this critical review, we give an extensive overview for the first time of the primary and secondary product suites that can be generated from SCG, along with their potential applications. The handful of preliminary technoeconomic and lifecycle assessment of using SCG for bioenergy is discussed, highlighting the economic limitations of a single capability, phase one biorefinery operating under the current scale and logistics of SCG collection. A concluding perspective towards future SCG-based biorefineries is presented, where isolation and production of higher value bioactive products is expected to be integral to the economic feasibility of the process. (C) 2019 Institution of Chemical Engineers. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB The redox state of human serum albumin (HSA) has attracted interest as a possible biomarker for oxidative stress (OS) in humans. Although previous studies on this topic have taken only clinical settings into consideration, evidence of its efficacy in nonclinical settings remains to be established. The present study aimed to examine and validate the relationship between HSA redox state and renal function in a rural Japanese population. We analyzed two independent data sets from health checkup programs conducted in 2013 and 2016: one for discovery (n = 267) and the other for replication (n = 367). The fraction of human mercaptalbumin (HMA) to total HSA [f(HMA)] was determined using our revised method of high-performance liquid chromatography with post-column bromocresol green. The estimated glomerular filtration rate (eGFR) was calculated based on each individual's serum creatinine value, sex, and age. Adjustment for potential confounders revealed positive associations of fraction of human mercaptalbumin [f(HMA)] with eGFR in the discovery and replication analyses (P < 0.001 and P = 0.03, respectively). Multivariate logistic regression analyses demonstrated significant inverse associations between renal dysfunction (defined as eGFR < 60 ml.min(-1).1.73 m(-2)) and f(HMA) by a factor of 0.50 and 0.65 (confidence intervals of 0.26-0.91 and 0.37-1.00), respectively, with a unit of 10% f(HMA). Our results indicate that HSA redox state is consistently associated with renal dysfunction in both clinical and nonclinical settings."
"AB The supply chain management literature indicates that limited research has explored the roles of Industrial Ecology and Industrial Symbiosis in relation to supply chain environmental sustainability development. Studies have explored supply chain environmental sustainability development and provided different approaches for developing environmentally sustainable supply chains. These include environmental management, design for environment, product stewardship, green purchasing, reverse logistics, recycling, reuse, and remanufacturing. These approaches have often been considered independently. Industrial Ecology and Industrial Symbiosis offer systematic thinking for companies to integrate key elements of these approaches into their supply chain environmental sustainability development. This study aims to develop a conceptual framework to embrace the integration and identify opportunities for companies to work collaboratively. The initial framework was proposed based on the review of the literature associated with environmentally sustainability supply chain management, Industrial Ecology, and Industrial Symbiosis. The initial framework is improved by corroborating the case study company's experience, a large UK distributor. Different hierarchies in waste management have also been considered when developing the framework. The paper emphasises the importance of prevention and reduction methods. The developed framework illustrates the areas and opportunities for supply chain parties to work collaboratively towards environmentally friendly activities. The developed framework contributes to the environmentally sustainable supply chain management literature and encourages companies to apply Industrial Ecology and Industrial Symbiosis to develop their environmentally sustainable supply chains. (C) 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Background: The association between coffee/tea intake and hypertensive disorders of pregnancy (HDP) remains unclear. This study aimed to investigate the association of caffeine, coffee, and tea intake during pregnancy with the risk of HDP. Methods: We assessed this association in 85,533 singleton pregnant women with live births in the Japan Environment and Children's Study, a prospective cohort in Japan that included women from early pregnancy onward. Caffeinated and decaffeinated coffee and tea (green, oolong, and black) consumption during pregnancy was assessed using a validated food frequency questionnaire conducted at mid-pregnancy, and caffeine intake was calculated based on coffee and tea consumption. Multivariable logistic regression was used to assess the association with the risk of HDP. Results: HDP developed in 2222 women (2.6%). Caffeine intake was weakly associated with increased risk of HDP; the multivariable odds ratio of HDP for the highest versus the lowest quartile was 1.26 (95% confidence interval: 1.11, 1.43). Coffee drinkers of two or more cups per day showed a decreased risk compared with non-drinkers (multivariable odds ratio 0.79; 0.62, 0.99) even after adjustment for total caffeine intake. Tea consumption was not associated with the risk of HDP. Conclusions: Our study suggests that higher caffeine intake may increase HDP risk, while coffee drinkers had a lower risk. Further high-quality studies are needed to replicate these findings, and to elucidate if other substances in coffee may be protective against HDP."
"AB Good planning for urban parks requires an analysis of the quantitative relationship between the distribution of an urban population and the demand for recreational ecosystem services (RES). A barrier to RES quantification is the lack of connections between survey materials and spatial data. This study developed a logistic regression model for the demand for RES associated with urban parks based on the characteristics of individual visitor and their willingness to visit parks. The model was fitted by a questionnaire survey completed by 4096 park visitors and was used to predict the RES demand in 317 sub-districts of Beijing. Results showed that: (1) park visitors rated sightseeing as the most important, followed by jogging, boating, partying, cycling, and fishing in Beijing's parks; (2) high-income and older residents had higher willingness to visit the parks than did low-income and younger park visitors; (3) the fringe areas between the urban and rural regions showed a relatively low demand index for RES. This study exhibits a feasible method to predict RES demand based on surveys and statistical data. Our research suggests that improving park planning necessitates developing a diverse recreational infrastructure, a tradeoff among different stakeholders, and spatial optimization for sustainable urban development. The results provide a potential tool that can be used to assess the balance of RES in a scenario of urbanization and population growth."
"AB Purpose: Age-related macular degeneration (AMD) is the main cause of visual impairment and legal blindness in older individuals. COL8A1 rs13095226 variants have recently been implicated associated with neovascular age-related macular degeneration (nAMD) and Polypoidal Choroidal Vasculopathy (PCV) in American studies. The aim of this study was to investigate the association between the COL8A1 rs13095226 Polymorphism and neovascular age-related macular degeneration (nAMD) and polypoidal choroidal vasculopathy (PCV) in Chinese people. Methods: 900 Chinese subjects-300 cases with nAMD, 300 cases with PCV and 300 controls, were enrolled in a cross-sectional observational study. The diagnoses of nAMD and PCV were confirmed by Fundus photography, Fluorescence Fundus Angiography (FFA) and Indocyanine Green Angiography (ICGA). Genomic DNA was extracted from venous blood leukocytes and genotypes of rs13095226 were determined by matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionization time-of-flight mass spectrometry. Differences in allele distribution between cases and controls were tested by chi-square tests, with age and gender adjusted by logistic regression analysis. Result: The COL8A1 rs13095226 polymorphism was not statistically significantly different from the nAMD or PCV to the normal controls (P>0.05) in Chinese Population. The association remained insignificant after adjustmentfor age and gender differences (P>0.05). Conclusions: This case-control study indicated that the COL8A1 rs13095226 polymorphism is not associated with nAMD or PCV, which suggesting this gene maybe not a susceptibility gene locus for nAMD or PCV in Chinese subjects."
"AB Purpose This paper draws on the perspective of social networks to examine when 3PLs initiate low-carbon supply chain integration (LCSCI) in decarbonising supply chains. Design/methodology/approach A questionnaire survey was conducted on a sample of 348 Chinese 3PLs. Stepwise regression was adopted to analyse the data. Findings It is found that LCSCI has a positive effect on firm performance. From the social network perspective, a larger scope of outsourcing increases 3PLs' embeddedness, which increases their chance of success in initiating LCSCI, especially for 3PLs with higher decarbonisation capabilities. Interestingly, although the pressure from government regulation can also motivate LCSCI, it is less effective for 3PLs with higher decarbonisation capabilities because they can be too embedded in the network to freely adapt to regulations. Research limitations/implications This study has investigated 3PL-initiated LCSCI only from the view of 3PLs. A dyadic approach which includes the perception of customers would be desirable. Practical implications The results highlight the critical role of 3PLs as supply chain orchestrators in decarbonising supply chains, and the effectiveness of LCSCI as a competitive strategy of 3PLs. Coercive pressures from government regulations are not constraints but resources for 3PLs in initiating LCSCI, especially in markets where the 3PLs have insufficient decarbonisation capabilities. Originality/value This study contributes to theories on 3PLs' interorganizational low-carbon initiatives, LCSCI, and the paradox of social networks in supply chains."
"AB The role of sustainability in the function of a company and more specifically a food company is pivotal for its financial performance. The environmental issues as well as the potential economic gains from the implementation of its principles ask for the use of multiple instruments that have been developed to green supply chains. Moreover, social issues also arise and involve the food companies social responsibility, as this can be realized through the supply of fresh products that meet consumption security standards. On this basis, the strategic design of these companies' supply chains can assists them towards meeting their sustainability objectives as it may lead to the selection of transportation modes, location of entry points and distribution centers, and flows between the nodes of the networks under cost, environmental and social impact minimization criteria. Under this context the purpose of this manuscript is to develop and employ a multi-objective (namely cost, social-time and emission minimization) mixed integer linear programming decision-making model for the network design of sustainable supply chains of perishable food products. The specific model was implemented in the case of a fruits importer in the North-Eastern European region considering its geographical settings. To synopsize and according to our findings the suggested model is an easy to use decision-making tool that leads to a whole set of possible solutions incorporating trade-offs between three aspects of sustainability."
"AB The anterior communicating artery (AComA) complex is the site at which intracranial aneurysms occur most frequently. At present, effective treatments for AComA aneurysms are yet to be developed. Here, we present our experience in successfully managing AComA aneurysms via the transorbital keyhole approach. A total of 52 patients having a history of aneurysm rupture received surgery. All patients were assigned a Hunt-Hess grade prior to surgery. The cistern was opened to expose the AComA complex using a keyhole approach, and aneurysms were then surgically clipped with the assistance of neuroendoscopy or indocyanine green angiography. Surgery outcomes were confirmed using computed tomography angiography (CTA). Each of the 52 AComA aneurysms was successfully clipped with a single operation. Three of these patients experienced intraoperative aneurysm rupture. Five had postoperative hydrocephalus which was successfully treated with ventriculoperitoneal shunt. All patients survived the surgical procedure. Using the Glasgow Outcome Scale scores for evaluation, 39 patients (75.0%) had good recovery, 9 (17.3%) had moderate disability, 2 (3.8%) had severe disability, and 2 patients who had been in preoperative comas (3.8%) remained in a vegetative state. During the follow-up period, CTA showed no recurrence of rupture or bleeding in all cases. Results of logistic analysis indicated that the transorbital keyhole approach was feasible based on the patients' preoperative Hunt-Hess grades, which should be considered a priority in using this approach in the treatment of ruptured AComA aneurysms."
"AB In the present study the outdoor thermal comfort conditions in Konya (Central Anatolia, Turkey) were examined during summer. This is why a transversal field survey was carried out and over 300 questionnaires were filled by randomly chosen participants. Moreover, environmental variables as air temperature, wind speed, relative humidity and globe temperature were constantly measured. This allowed to relate the thermal perception and preference votes given by the interviewees to the morphological and furniture characteristics of the surveyed sites. Then, taking into account at the same time all the obtained data, a regression line between the thermal perception votes and the corresponding PET (Physiological Equivalent Temperature) values was obtained and a neutral PET value of 26.8 degrees C was calculated. Based on a logistic curve model with the probit function, a preferred PET value of 19.2 degrees C was determined. On the other hand, the PET comfort range of (21.6)-(32.0) degrees C was obtained by considering, as thermal comfort interval, the range (- 0.5)-(+ 0.5) of the ASHRAE 7-point scale. Finally, two outdoor thermal comfort indexes were introduced. The first one, called Turkish Outdoor Comfort Index (FOCI), is able to predict the thermal perception of the considered population in hot conditions. In the second case, the Predicted Percentage of Dissatisfied (PPD) relation was modified based on the surveyed data and outdoor sites."
"AB Reliance on the sharing economy is becoming crucial to the functioning of modern cities. Certain sharing economy-based solutions can contribute to the development of sustainable urban freight transport by reducing the number of delivery vans in service and using green vehicles. This paper evaluates the potential of the sharing economy for freight deliveries in the Polish cities. The authors examine two types of sharing platform-based solutions for light commercial vehicles (LCV), namely LCV-sharing and crowdshipping, along with the general perception of sharing platforms by the Polish citizens and their motivation to use them. Two research methods have been employed. The multi-case study method has been applied to assess the LCV-sharing market and identify the best crowdshipping practices. General interest of the public in the sharing economy has been examined by means of a survey analysis. The results show that, albeit with little market presence, the LCVsharing is continuously winning new customers in the major Polish cities. Provided by car-sharing operators who have expanded their offering with delivery vans, or by operators who target the freight market alone, the service is a more environmentally-friendly and economical alternative to leasing, especially for companies which do not need extensive use of delivery vans. Further development of LCV-sharing depends largely on availability of the service and its price, as well as on the general awareness of benefits from the sharing business model and the strengthening of confidence in it."
AB AIM
"AB Few studies on supply location decisions focus on enhancing triple bottom line (TBL) sustainability in supply chains; they rarely employ objective quantifiable measurements which help ensure consistent and transparent decisions or reveal relationships between business and environmental trade-off criteria. Therefore, we propose a decision-making approach for objectively selecting multi-tier supply locations based on cost and carbon dioxide equivalents (CO(2)e) from manufacturing, logistics, and sustainability-assurance activities, including certificate implementation, sample-checking, living wage and social security payments, and factory visits. Existing studies and practices, logic models, activity-based costing, and feedback from an application and experts help develop the approach. The approach helps users in location decisions and long-term supply chain planning by revealing relationships among factors, TBL sustainability, and potential risks. This approach also helps users evaluate whether supplier prices are too low to create environmental and social compliance. Its application demonstrates potential and flexibility in revealing both lowest- and optimized-cost and CO(2)e supply chains, under various contexts and constraints, for different markets. Very low cost/CO(2)e supply chains have proximity between supply chain stages and clean manufacturing energy. Considering sustainability-assurance activities differentiates our approach from existing studies, as the activities significantly impact supply chain cost and CO(2)e in low manufacturing unit scenarios."
"AB Purpose The purpose of this paper is to investigate the implications of supply chain strategies that manufacturing companies can use to minimise or overcome natural resource scarcity, and ultimately improve resource efficiency and achieve competitive advantage. The relationship between resource efficiency and competitive advantage is also explored. Design/methodology/approach The proposed research model draws on resource dependence theory. Data were collected from 183 logistics, purchasing, sustainability and supply chain managers from various manufacturing companies and analysed by applying the partial least squares structural equation modelling technique. Findings The results indicate that both buffering and bridging strategies improve resource efficiency; however, only bridging strategies seem to lead to firm's competitive advantage in terms of ownership and accessibility to resources. The relationship between resource efficiency and competitive advantage is not supported. Research limitations/implications - Future research could confirm the robustness of these findings by using a larger sample size and taking into account other supply chain members. Practical implications - This research provides guidance to managers faced with the growing risk of resource scarcity to achieve a resource efficient supply chain and an advantage over competitors. Originality/value Studies have explored the appropriate strategies for minimising dependencies caused by the scarcity of natural resources in the field of supply chain management; however, there is limited empirical work on investigating the impact of these strategies on resource efficiency and competitive advantage."
"AB Land surface phenology (LSP) in the Sahara desert is poorly understood due to the difficulty in detecting subtle variations in vegetation greenness. This study examined the spatial and temporal patterns of LSP and its responses to rainfall seasonality in the Sahara desert. We first generated daily two-band enhanced vegetation index (EVI2) from half-hourly observations acquired by the Spinning Enhanced Visible and Infrared Imager on board the Meteosat Second Generation series of geostationary satellites from 2006 to 2012. The EVI2 time series was used to retrieve LSP based on the Hybrid Piecewise Logistic Model. We further investigated the associations of spatial and temporal patterns in LSP with those in rainfall seasonality derived from the daily rainfall time series of the Tropical Rainfall Measurement Mission. Results show that the spatial shifts in the start of the vegetation growing season generally follow the rainy season onset that is controlled by the summer rainfall regime in the southern Sahara desert. In contrast, the end of the growing season significantly lags the end of the rainy season without any significant dependence. Vegetation growing season can unfold during the dry seasons after onset is triggered during rainy seasons. Vegetation growing season can be as long as 300 days or more in some areas and years. However, the EVI2 amplitude and accumulation across the Sahara region was very low indicating sparse vegetation as expected in desert regions. EVI2 amplitude and accumulated EVI2 strongly depended on rainfall received during the growing season and the preceding dormancy period."
AB Aim. To analyse the predictive value of illness representations on treatment adherence and coping strategies in a group of patients on haemodialysis.
AB Purpose - The purpose of this paper is to investigate the current level of supply chain practices (SCPs) in Indian manufacturing organizations.
"AB Purpose In this regard, this paper aims to wonder how willing to co-create sustainable practices customers of irresponsible Industry 4.0 (I4.0) companies are? With this purpose, the authors began introducing I4.0 and sustainability, showing their theoretical gaps. Design/methodology/approach I4.0 has recently spread with its technological developments and social, economic and political ambitions, facing challenges-related, for example, to the implementation of sustainable practices and the stakeholders' participation. Findings Then the authors conduct a literature review following a sequential mix-method approach that begins with a bibliometric analysis and ends with a content study to propose a conceptual model for I4.0 and sustainability. Once the authors understood the theoretical gaps in the framework of the conceptual model, the authors conducted an empirical verification between clients of a Colombian company of the I4.0 belonging to the logistic sector, specifically of the deliveries, asking them about the labor issues that the company faces with delivery people and their willingness to co-create. The authors analyzed the collected data through a structural equation modeling model, where the authors found that customers' willingness to co-create depends on intrinsic behaviors like ""responsible behavior,"" followed by extrinsic behaviors such as ""helping."" Originality/value In fact, stakeholders may support companies, but customers must learn how to assume a critical posture during their purchase decision."
"AB Sleep duration is a risk factor for poor health and all-cause mortality. Evidence suggests that neighbourhood characteristics such as built environment and socioeconomic status (SES) may affect sleep duration in adults. This study examined the relationship between neighbourhood built environment (i.e., measured via the street pattern) and SES with sleep duration in adults (n = 797) from 12 neighbourhoods in Calgary (Canada). Covariate adjusted linear and multinomial logistic regression models estimated the associations between street pattern (grid, warped-grid, curvilinear), SES and sleep duration. We also tested if the interaction between street pattern and SES was associated with sleep duration. Although neighbourhood street pattern and neighbourhood SES were not independently associated with sleep, the interaction between street pattern and neighbourhood SES, was associated with mean sleep duration. Individuals living in curvilinear low SES neighbourhoods had the shortest sleep duration (6.93 h per day; 95% CI 6.68, 7.18), while those living in curvilinear high SES neighbourhoods slept the longest (7.43 h per day; 95% CI 7.29, 7.57). Neighbourhood street pattern and SES, as well as their interaction, were not associated with the odds of sleeping shorter or longer than 7 to 8 h per day. Our findings suggest that the combined effect of the neighbourhood built environment and SES is potentially important for influencing sleep duration. More research is needed to understand the complex interrelationships between the built environment, SES, and sleep."
"AB Background: No previous study has investigated the association between oolong tea consumption and esophageal squamous cell carcinoma (ESCC), we aim to elucidate the association between oolong tea consumption and ESCC and its joint effects with a novel composite index."
"AB Optimizing operations at electric vehicle (EV) battery swap stations is internally motivated by the movement to make transportation cleaner and more efficient. An EV battery swap station allows EV owners to quickly exchange their depleted battery for a fully charged battery. We introduce the EV Battery- Swap Station Management Problem (EVBSSMP), which models battery charging and discharging operations at an EV battery swap station facing nonstationary, stochastic demand for battery swaps, nonstationary prices for charging depleted batteries, and nonstationary prices for discharging fully charged batteries. Discharging through vehicle- to- grid is beneficial for aiding power load balancing. The objective of the EVB- SSMP is to determine the optimal policy for charging and discharging batteries that maximizes expected total profit over a fixed time horizon. The EVB- SSMP is formulated as a finite- horizon, discrete- time Markov decision problem and an optimal policy is found using dynamic programming. We derive structural properties, to include sufficiency conditions that ensure the existence of a monotone optimal policy. Utilizing available demand and electricity pricing data, we design and conduct two main computational experiments to obtain policy insights regarding the management of EV battery swap stations. We compare the optimal policy to two benchmark policies that are easily implementable by swap station managers. Policy insights include the relationship between the minimum battery level and the number of EVs in a local service area, the pricing incentive necessary to encourage effective discharge behavior, and the viability of EV battery swap stations under many conditions."
"AB Mass penetration of electric vehicles into the market will have a number of impacts and benefits, including the ability to substantially reduce greenhouse gas emissions from the transportation sector. Therefore, it is expected that in coming years this technology will progressively penetrate the market. This research presents an analysis of factors that influence electric vehicle adoption by modeling the conditions under which an individual, particularly one with an engineering or technical background, is more or less likely to adopt an electric vehicle. This model is developed by considering demographic determinants as well as behavioral and attitudinal measures that affect individual adoption of the technology. The methodology involves applying logistic regression to provide a good fit and predict the response given explanatory variables. Analyzing these outcomes generates empirical findings that better inform electric vehicle technology and policy development. This study takes into account preferences of potential customers and analyzes how individuals with engineering and technology background differ in electric vehicle adoption considerations compared to the general population. Therefore, this research provides both engineers and policy makers with critical information for developing future electric vehicle technology. The model results show that several factors including willingness to pay for new appealing technology, distance driven, perceptions of electric vehicles as good for the environment, perception of EV speed are statistically significant in influencing willingness to purchase an electric vehicle."
AB Objective: To identify the prevalence and factors associated with anemia in children attending Municipal Early Childhood Education Day Care Center (Centros Municipais de Educacao Infantil [CMEI]) nurseries in Colombo-PR.
"AB The elderly is a main user group of open space. Well maintained open spaces can increase their physical health and well-being. It is recognized that thermal perception has an essential impact on people's outdoor activities and use of open space. However, the specific association between influencing factors and the elderly's thermal perception and use of open space has not yet been fully investigated. On-site measurements of thermal conditions were carried out and 485 questionnaire surveys were conducted in six parks in two districts in Hong Kong. The ordered probit model and the binary logistics regression model were employed to investigate the relationship between the factors and the elderly's thermal perceptions, using the measure of thermal comfort, thermal sensation and thermal acceptability and use patterns and satisfaction with using open space. The study adopted a comprehensive framework, which included individual, physical and social and psychological factors. The results show the factors which influence the elderly's thermal perceptions vary in the winter and summer and there is a significant association between thermal acceptability and satisfaction with open space. Under the trend of global warming, more attention should be paid to mitigate summer heat stress in outdoor space. The empirical findings of the elderly's thermal perceptions and use patterns of parks in the summer provide insight for urban planners when considering flexible and responsive designs that reflect the special needs of the elderly."
"AB To meet the immediate environmental challenges and sustainable development, Closed-loop Supply Chain (CLSC) management has become increasingly important and urgent. This is in lieu with some severe problems such as global ecological damage, resource wastages and shortages and pollution of the environment, and discretionary exploitation of natural resources. On the other hand, re-manufacturing of used merchandise and bringing them back to the market provides environmental and customer benefits to Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs), in addition to cutting back their production cost. This paper aims at evaluating the system behavior of an electrical manufacturing company as a case of study, by using System Dynamics (SD) simulating of Closed-loop Supply Chain (CLSC). VEN-SIM PLE software developed the simulation model. Based on the initial result, customer satisfaction and Green Image Factor (GIF) are lacking in the system. Therefore, to tackle this issue, an improvement model with a collection center was proposed. Results derived from the improved model presented a data of which the demand backlog level fell by 21.19%. Furthermore, the customer satisfaction in the system rose by 21.6%. In addition, as a result of an increase in GIF level from 14.80% to 48.1%, the return products rate rose from 184 items to 614. The method in this research can be used to investigate a variety of CLSC systems and their effects before implementing them in real life. (C) 2015 Elsevier B. V. All rights reserved."
"AB Under what conditions is ethical consumption a high-status practice? Using unique food consumption survey data on aesthetic and ethical preferences, we investigate how these orientations to food are related. Existing research on high-status food consumption points to the ""foodie,"" who defines good taste through aesthetic standards. And emergent evidence suggests the ""ethical consumer,"" whose consumption is driven by moral principles, may also be a high-status food identity. However, ethical consumption can be practiced in inexpensive and subcultural ways that do not conform to dominant status hierarchies (e.g., freeganism). In order to understand the complex cultural terrain of high-status consumption, we investigate how socioeconomic status (SES) is related to foodie and ethical consumer preferences and practices. Using a k-means cluster analysis of intercept survey data from food shoppers in Toronto, we identify four distinct clusters representing foodies, ethical consumers, ethical foodies, and those whose preferences involve neither aesthetic nor ethical ideals. Through multinomial logistic regression, we find that while high-status consumers can be foodies or ethical consumers, the highest status consumers prioritize ethical and foodie preferences. Respondents' reported shopping locations corroborate the results of the regression analyses. The taste preferences of the highest status consumers are associated with culinary sophistication and moral considerations, suggesting that high cultural capital tastes incorporate aesthetic and ethical dimensions. These results contribute to literature examining how food consumption repertoires can produce and reinforce classed boundaries and to literature on tastes that has focused on aesthetics to the neglect of ethical ideals."
AB To investigate factors related to false shear wave elastography (SWE) results for breast non-mass lesions (NMLs) detected by B-mode US.
"AB Understanding the evolution of gregarious breeding in birds necessitates assessing how fitness components vary in relation to conspecific density. So far, the ultimate causes of breeding density remain contentious, owing to the logistic challenges in both obtaining and interpreting long-term effects of density on fledgling survival, recruitment rates or natal dispersal in wild populations. Here, we used observational data from a 13-year study on the reproduction of a facultatively gregarious bird, the Spotless Starling, Sturnus unicolor, to investigate the consequences of breeding density for fitness and offspring natal dispersal. We compared breeding performance, recruitment success and dispersal distances of offspring arising from nest-boxes placed in either a high (HD) or a low density (LD). We found that although neither clutch size nor fledgling survival varied in relation to density, HD nests produced significantly fewer recruits. Moreover, recruits from HD nests settled closer to their natal territories than those from LD nests. These findings suggest that the proximity to neighbours incurs delayed fitness costs in the Spotless Starling. Furthermore, the negative density-dependent dispersal may result from the increased mortality of individuals in worse condition and with lower ability to compete for breeding vacancies in the vicinity of their natal territories. With this study, we provide long-term observational results that may be a basis for further experiments intended to unravel proximate mechanisms underpinning density-dependent patterns in wild breeding colonies."
"AB The purpose of this study is to explore the association between proximity to open space and adult renal function. This was a cross-sectional study. Adult residents of Taipei metropolis were recruited in the analysis. The proximity of each subject to open space was measured using the Geographic Information System. Residents were divided into two groups: with and without chronic kidney disease (CKD). We made univariable comparisons between the two groups. The logistic regression models were used to estimate the odds ratio of CKD. Forest plot was used to examine the effect of interaction between distance to open space and subgroup variable on CKD. A total number of 21,656 subjects with mean age 53.6 years were enrolled in the study. Of the subjects, 2226 (10.28%) had CKD. The mean and standard deviation of distance to open space were 117.23 m and 80.19 m, respectively. Every 100 m distance to open space was associated with an odds ratio of 1.071 for CKD. Subgroup analysis revealed that residents of female, without hypertension, or without impaired fasting glucose (IFG) living more than 200 m from open spaces have greater odds of CKD than those living less than 200 m. Conclusions: Proximity to open space was associated with a lower prevalence of CKD among adults in Taiwan. Such association was enhanced among females and healthy adults without hypertension or impaired fasting glucose (IFG)."
"AB The management of products' end-of-life and the recovery of used products has gained significant importance in recent years. In this paper, we address the carbon footprint-based problem that arises in a closed-loop supply chain where returned products are collected from customers. These returned products can either be disposed of or be remanufactured to be resold as new ones. Given this environment, an optimization model for a closed-loop supply chain (CLSC) in which carbon emission is expressed in terms of environmental constraints, i.e., carbon emission constraints, is developed. These constraints aim to limit the carbon emission per unit of product supplied with different transportation modes. Here, we design a closed-loop network where capacity limits, single-item management and uncertainty on product demands and returns are considered. First, fuzzy mathematical programming is introduced for uncertain modeling. Then, the statistical approach to the possibility to synthesize fuzzy information is utilized. Therefore, using a defined possibilistic mean and variance, we transform the proposed fuzzy mathematical model into a crisp form to facilitate efficient computation and analysis. Finally, the risk caused by violating the estimated resource constraints is analyzed so that decision makers (DMs) can trade off between the expected cost savings and the expected risk. We utilize data from a company located in Iran. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB The sustained and steady development of China's economy has led to the rapid improvement of the logistics. At the same time, the rise of the e-commerce mode has given rise to a huge demand for express delivery and the express industry has entered a period of boom. Fortunately, China's high-speed rail network has been networked, and the development of a high-speed rail express train has entered the test stage. After the high-speed rail express train is put into use, it could effectively relieve the pressure of highway transportation and significantly reduce transport pollution. To make better use of high-speed rail transport resources and give full play to its green and efficient advantages, this study established a two-stage model of a high-speed rail express train operation plan. In the first stage, a train candidate set generation model aiming for the minimum total cost of train operation was established that considered the high-speed line carrying capacity, section flow capacity, and OD requirement satisfaction constraints, which reduces the scale of train spare parts and improves the efficiency of solution. In addition, a column generation algorithm was designed to solve the model. In the second stage, an accurate flow distribution model aiming for the optimal economic efficiency was established, and then the high-speed express train operation plan was designed completely. The computational results are encouraging and demonstrate the effectiveness of the model and solution method."
"AB Background: Canada's Food Guide (CFG) has been an important health promotion tool for over seventy years. The most recent version was released in 2007. This study examined Canadians' exposure to, knowledge, and use of CFG."
"AB The green scheduling plays an increasingly important role in many manufacturing enterprises and trading off the Just-in-Time (JIT) and energy efficiency is a complex optimization problem. A static semi-kitting strategy is proposed to deal with a bi-objective JIT material distribution scheduling problem considering energy consumption (BJMDSP-EC) for mixed-flow assembly lines. A mathematical model that aims to minimize the total energy consumption and the total line-side inventory is established, which meets the request of energy saving and JIT. Due to the NP-hard nature of the proposed problem, a Memory-based Bi-objective Chaotic Gravitational Search Algorithm (MBCGSA) is developed to solve the BJMDSP-EC, which hybridizes the Gravitational Search Algorithm (GSA) and the non-dominated sorting genetic algorithm-II (NSGA-II). The memory-based search strategy and the chaotic gravity constant are applied to the bi-objective optimization algorithm to balance exploration and exploitation. Moreover, clustering and Cauchy deviates are utilized to initialize the population, and two local search optimization operators are designed to optimize two objectives. Finally, computational experiments are performed to evaluate the performance of the MBCGSA by being compared with two other biobjective optimization algorithms, the multi-objective particle swarm optimization (MOPSO) and NSGA-II, and the results reveal the effectiveness and efficiency of the MBCGSA when solving BJMDSP-EC."
"AB Green and sustainable manufacturing is an inevitable development trend of manufacturing in the future, wherein low-energy consumption is regarded as a significant component. As an emerging manufacturing service system, cloud manufacturing (CMfg) is characterized by wide distribution, large quantity and complicated calling method for manufacturing services. Therefore, the energy consumption in the execution of composition service should be considered. However, few works related to energy consumption are focused on service composition at present. In response, this paper proposes an energy-aware service composition and optimal selection (EA-SCOS) model to ensure high-quality and low-energy consumption during the tasks. The mathematical model of energy consumption based on quality of service (QoS) is established, wherein the evaluation methods for manufacturing energy consumption and logistics energy consumption are described in detail. In order to solve the EA-SCOS problem effectively, a state-of-the-art algorithm which has been successfully applied in other fields, named grey wolf optimizer (GWO), is introduced. In addition, two key improvements for GWO are proposed to ensure the accuracy of solution. Finally, the effectiveness and feasibility of improved GWO (IGWO) are verified by a comparative study with GWO, genetic algorithm (GA) and max-min ant system (MMAS). Simulation results show that the proposed model is valid for reducing service energy consumption. Moreover, the improved strategies have obvious, positive effect on the accuracy of solutions and the performance of IGWO for addressing EA-SCOS problem is obviously better than the other three algorithms."
"AB Increased globalization and a growing world population have a great impact on the sustainability of supply chains, especially within the food industry. The way food is produced, processed, transported, and consumed has a great impact on whether sustainability is achieved throughout the whole food supply chain. Due to the complexity that persists in coordinating the members of food supply chain, food wastage has increased over the past few years. To achieve sustainable consumption and production (SCP), food industry stakeholders need to be coordinated and to have their views reflected in an optimized manner. However, not much research has been done concerning the influence of stakeholders and supply chain members' coordination in the food industry's SCP context. To facilitate the theory development for SCP, in this work, a short literature review on sustainable supply chain management and sustainable supply chains in the food industry is provided to give the reader current knowledge,on how the past and current research are introduced in this work. Following that, different theories that drive sustainable consumption and production have been identified and focused. As a result, theories like the institutional theory, dynamic capability theory, and stakeholder theory are presented. Additionally, a conceptual framework has been developed by identifying the indicators, drivers, and barriers based on the stakeholder theory to achieve the SCP in food supply chain. Finally, limitations and future scope are discussed."
"AB Instant coffee mixes that contain sugar and non-dairy creamer account for 80-90% of the total coffee market in Korea. The objective of this study was to investigate the relationship between coffee consumption and obesity in Korean women. We included 5995 women who participated in a health screening examination at the Korean National Cancer Center between 2007 and 2016. Daily coffee consumption and the use of sugar and creamer in coffee was evaluated using a 106-item food frequency questionnaire. Obesity was assessed by body mass index (BMI), and abdominal obesity was assessed by waist circumference (WC). A multiple logistic regression model was used to calculate the odds ratio (OR) of obesity according to coffee consumption. After multivariate adjustment, high coffee consumption was positively associated with obesity as measured by BMI (3 cups vs. no drinks, OR = 2.52; 95% confidence interval (CI) = 1.91-3.34; p for the trend < 0.001) and abdominal obesity as measured by WC (3 cups vs. no drinks, OR = 2.11; 95% CI = 1.59-2.79; p for the trend < 0.001). The positive association between daily coffee consumption and obesity prevalence was not altered by menopause. The amount of coffee with additives consumed per day by Korean women was positively correlated with the prevalence of obesity, but causation cannot be determined due to the cross-sectional nature of the study design. The mechanism underlying the observed relationship is yet to be elucidated."
"AB Despite growing effects of human activities on climate change throughout the world, and global South in particular, scientists are yet to understand how poor healthcare waste management practices in an emergency influences the climate change. This article presents new findings on climate change risks of healthcare waste disposal during and after the 2010 earthquake and cholera disasters in Haiti. The researchers analysed quantities of healthcare waste incinerated by the United Nations Mission in Haiti for 60 months (2009 to 2013). The aim was to determine the relationship between healthcare waste incinerated weights and the time of occurrence of the two disasters, and associated climate change effects, if any. Pearson product-moment correlation coefficient indicated a weak correlation between the quantities of healthcare waste disposed of and the time of occurrence of the actual emergencies (r (58) = 0.406, p = 0.001). Correspondingly, linear regression analysis indicated a relatively linear data trend (R-2 = 0.16, F (1, 58) = 11.42, P = 0.001) with fluctuating scenarios that depicted a sharp rise in 2012, and time series model showed monthly and yearly variations within 60 months. Given that the peak healthcare waste incineration occurred 2 years after the 2010 disasters, points at the need to minimise wastage on pharmaceuticals by improving logistics management. The Government of Haiti had no data on healthcare waste disposal and practised smoky open burning, thus a need for capacity building on green healthcare waste management technologies for effective climate change mitigation."
"AB The regeneration of vacant properties due to increased investments in declining neighborhoods does not always have positive outcomes. Vacant urban land can be, on one hand, an opportunity for neighborhood revitalization. On the other hand, regenerated vacant land can lead to neighborhood change in the form of gentrification, with increases in upper-class populations into mostly non-wealthy communities. The relationship between vacant land, its regeneration, and gentrification has been quite limited in the current research, mainly relying on an economic standpoint. Using Minneapolis, Minnesota as a case area, this research questions what types of vacant lands promote gentrification more than others. We analyze if 1) clustered vacant properties in Minneapolis are associated with the neighborhood gentrification process and 2) if certain types of vacant properties attract new investments and catalyze gentrification in Minneapolis. We examine such relationships using spatial autoregressive and logistic regression models. We also identify different vacancy types using proven classification schemes and measure significantly clustered vacancies using Getis-Ord Gi* statistics. Results suggest that clustered residential and commercial vacancies are positively associated with neighborhood gentrification while vacancies typified by institutional land uses are negatively associated with gentrification. Clustered, small-sized, industrial, and recreational vacancies show as insignificant factors contributing to gentrification. This study recommends that moderately-sized privately-owned properties should be targeted for the adoption of policies to preserve neighborhood affordability. In the case of publicly-owned vacancies highly threatened by gentrification, non-developmental pursuits should be primarily sought, such as re-greening and temporary usages."
"AB Cities in developing countries face acute pressures due to increased motorization, urbanization and growing population. Urban transport planning systems can fuel healthy cities, yet research examining the interface between policies and needs in Africa remains scarce. A mixed-methods approach was used to assess the alignment between urban transport policies and self-reported citizens' needs in Port Louis city (Mauritius). Logistic regression models were run to detect associations between needs and demographic indicators (age, gender, income). Three policy measures were assessed: light metro rail system, bus modernization scheme and road decongestion program. Six citizen needs and six mode of transit preferences were extracted from 1523 surveys (N). Citizens reported the need for improving sidewalks (80%), public spaces (77%), green spaces (67%), pedestrianizing strategic areas (66%), centralizing street-vendors at bus stations (57%) and regulating private vehicles entry in town (40%). The policies addressed 3 out of 6 needs, of which all were more likely to be expressed by poorer population groups. The policies did not respond to citizen needs for active modes of travel. They did not address health and social co benefits of transport. Rather they emphasized an economic agenda focused on transport infrastructure as opposed to policy reforms in line with public needs that much more strongly highlight the integration of urban transport planning in social life. Citizen-centred approaches provide a unique opportunity to reform urban transport planning policies towards more healthy and equitable cities in developing countries."
"AB A new model and solution for the multi-objective heterogeneous vehicle routing and scheduling problem, with energy minimizing, is presented in this paper. The concept of heterogeneities is concerned with the ownership of fleets. Ownership heterogeneities occur when the private fleet is not sufficient and the company has to rent some vehicles from external carriers to complete the shipments. A new mathematical formulation for vehicle routing problem with time windows (VRPTW) is also presented using the proposed concept of heterogeneities. Moreover, unlike prior attempts to minimize cost by minimizing overall traveling distance, the model also incorporates energy minimizing which meets the latest requirements of green logistics. This paper considers the customers' priority for servicing as well. The proposed model is interpreted as multi-objective optimization and used in two scenarios where, in the first scenario (I), the energy consumed and the total number of vehicles are minimized and the total satisfaction rate of customers is maximized. In the second scenario (II) the distance traveled by the vehicles, the total number of rental vehicles and the fuel consumed by the private vehicles are minimized and the total satisfaction is maximized. A new solution based on an evolutionary algorithm is proposed and its performance on several completely random instances is compared to the non-dominated sorting genetic algorithm II (NSGA II) and CPLEX Solver. The efficiency and effectiveness of the proposed approach is further demonstrated through several computational experiments."
"AB Due to the extensive economic activities in urban areas, many European cities face multiple problems related to or caused by transport and traffic. Traffic infrastructure in cities and beyond will cease capacitively and qualitatively. This situation can be addressed by building infrastructure with compatible integrated transport systems. The article presents the possibilities of using the route of a high-speed suspended cableway originally intended for the transport of magnesite from the mine Bankov for processing into the former thermal operation in Tahanovce in urban mobility. The basis of the article is the methodology of designing a personal cableway with capacity and strength calculation. City outbuildings in Kosice are currently expanding beyond the city centre to its periphery, which also changes user needs. Residents demand a new culture of urban mobility. Meeting these needs together with the need to increase the share of green public passenger transport requires a fundamental change in order to provide traffic closer to the sources and the destination of the roads. By using the route of the former mining cableway, a new conveyor system of the suburban cable car would be created. This system could be integrated into the integrated transport system of the city of Kosice. At the end of the article is a case study on the integration of a personal cableway into the integrated transport system of the city of Kosice as an effective and environmentally-friendly alternative to improving mobility in the city."
"AB In the recent years, the fashion and apparel industry has seen intense competition and increasing production quantity, along with growing concern about the sustainability issues and the environmental impacts. Many companies in fashion supply chains have tried various approaches to be more ""green"", and procurement is one of the most important functions which influences supply chain sustainability, because procurement does not only affect the supply chain output but also change the supply chain structure. In this paper, we consider a typical fashion supply chain comprising of an apparel manufacturer, a retailer and a logistic service provider (LSP), where we analyze two commonly used procurement strategies: control and agency. We examine the effects of two widely used government regulations: punishing and subsidizing, on the management of sustainable fashion procurement. We show that, there exist conflicts between supply chain profit goals and sustainability goals: The retailer will obtain more profits under control, but the price is that it determines a larger order size and the supply chain becomes less sustainable. To improve sustainability, a local government can either punish or subsidize the retailer. We show that, punishing can only reduce the order size, while subsidizing may induce the retailer to change its procurement strategy from control to agency, when the subsidy exceeds a threshold. We also find that the objectives of improving sustainability and maximizing social welfare may be conflicting, so it is an important task to find a balance between them for the government."
"AB Intermodal rail/road transportation is an instrument of green logistics, which may help reducing transport related greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. In order to assess the environmental impact of road and rail transports, researchers have formulated very detailed microscopic models, which determine vehicle emissions precisely based on a vast number of parameters. They also developed macroscopic models, which estimate emissions more roughly from few parameters that are considered most influential. One of the goals of this paper is to develop mesoscopic models that combine the preciseness of micro-models while requiring only little more information than macro-models. We propose emission models designed for transport planning purposes which are simple to calibrate by transport managers. Despite their compactness, our models are able to reflect the influence of various traffic conditions on a transport's total emissions. Furthermore, contrasting most papers considering either the road or the rail mode, we provide models on a common basis for both modes of transportation. We validate our models using popular micro- and macroscopic models and we apply them to artificial and real world transport scenarios to identify under which circumstances intermodal transports actually effect lower emissions. We find that travel speed and country-specific energy emission factors influence the eco-friendliness of intermodal transports most severely. Hence, the particular route chosen for a transnational intermodal transport is an important but so far neglected option for eco-friendly transportation. (C) 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Background: Although coffee consumption is increasing rapidly, the results of previous studies regarding the association between coffee consumption and stroke risk have been conflicting. This was a multi-center cross-sectional study that aimed to evaluate the relationship between coffee consumption and stroke risk in Korean population."
"AB There is a growing concern that business enterprises and their supply chains focus primarily on economic activities and ignore their impact on the environment and society. This paper aims to help decision makers, managers, and practitioners to achieve economic growth, societal development, and environmental protection by developing sustainable supply chain performance measures and proposes a partner selection and flow allocation decision-making model. Survey data from 278 business organizations from the Indian apparel industry supply chain network were used, and an integrated method of structural equation modeling, fuzzy analytical hierarchy process, and fuzzy multi-objective linear programming was applied to the proposed model. The results of the structural equation modeling analysis indicate that the survey respondents considered sustainable production performance to be of prime importance, which thus indicates its significance in developing a sustainable supply chain for the apparel industry. To illustrate the use of the proposed model for partner selection and flow allocation decision making, real-time data from an apparel manufacturer are presented. Optimal results were obtained for two strategies sustainahility and cost saving-to show a cost-benefit trade-off when developing a sustainable supply chain. Using comparative performance, a decision maker can choose an appropriate strategy based on cost benefit analysis of the presented trade-offs. (C) 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All tights reserved."
"AB Compact urban development is considered a paradigm for sustainable development. However, compact cities are also characterised by high densities that implicate trade-offs such as limited access to green spaces or nature areas, or reduced air quality. People living in compact urban areas might respond to these trade-offs by 'compensatory activities' such as higher amounts of leisure travel. In this study, we compare the leisure travel patterns of people living in a central urban district in Copenhagen, Denmark, with those of people living in a small town in the commuter belt."
"AB Sustainability benchmarking is gaining importance in industry. Despite its increasing popularity, the existing research utilizing theory to explain the organizations intention to shape performance measurement systems (PMS) for sustainability benchmarking is limited. Drawing upon institutional theory and organizational culture, this study investigates how institutional pressures motivate organizations to shape PMS for sustainability bench marking and how such effects are moderated by organizational culture. The results of a survey of 277 respondents, gathered from Indian manufacturing firms, suggest that two of the dimensions of the institutional pressures (i.e. coercive pressures and normative pressures) are positively related to the PMS whereas the third dimension (i.e. mimetic pressures) does not affect PMS. Furthermore, organizational culture (i.e. flexible orientation and control orientation) plays a different role on the differential effect of coercive pressures, normative pressures and mimetic pressures on shaping PMS for sustainability benchmarking. The current manuscript offers an interesting contribution to the sustainability benchmarking literature: we integrate the perspectives of 'external pressures' and 'organizational culture' as neither perspective, can on, its own can shape the PMS for sustainability benchmarking, and 'organizational structure' under which the external pressures are most effective. From a practitioners' perspective, our study provides theory-driven and empirically-proven guidance for managers to understand the effect of external pressures and the role of organizational structure on PMS for sustainability benchmarking."
"AB Most industrial trucks are equipped with hydraulic systems designed for specific operations, for which the required power is supplied by the internal combustion engine (ICE). The largest share of the power consumption is required by the hydraulic system during idling operations, and, consequently, the current literature focuses on energy saving strategies for the hydraulic system rather than making the vehicle traction more efficient. This study presents the preliminary realization of an electric-powered hydraulic pump system (e-HPS) that drives the lifting of the dumpster and the garbage compaction in a waste compactor truck, rather than traditional ICE-driven hydraulic pump systems (ICE-HPSs). The different components of the e-HPS are described and the battery pack was modelled using the kinetic battery model. The end-of-life of the battery pack was determined to assess the economic feasibility of the proposed e-HPS for the truck lifespan, using numerical simulations. The aim was twofold: to provide an implementation method to retrofit the e-HPS to a conventional waste compactor truck and to assess its economic feasibility, investigating fuel savings during the use phase and the consequent reduction of CO2 emissions. Results show that the total lifespan cost saving achieved a value of 65,000 euro. Furthermore, total CO2 emissions for the e-HPS were about 80% lower than those of the ICE-HPS, highlighting that the e-HPS can provide significant environmental benefits in an urban context."
"AB The risk assessment of nanomaterials is essential for regulatory purposes and for sustainable nanotechnological development. Although the application of graphene oxide has been widely exploited, its environmental risk is not well understood because several environmental conditions can affect its behavior and toxicity. In the present study, the graphene oxide effect from aquatic ecosystems was assessed considering the interaction with humic acid on 9 organisms: Raphidocelis subcapitata (green algae), Lemna minor (aquatic plant), Lactuca sativa (lettuce), Daphnia magna (planktonic microcrustacean), Artemia salina (brine shrimp), Chironomus sancticaroli (Chironomidae), Hydra attenuata (freshwater polyp), and Caenorhabditis elegans and Panagrolaimus sp. (nematodes). The no-observed-effect concentration (NOEC) was calculated for each organism. The different criteria used to calculate NOEC values were transformed and plotted as a log-logistic function. The hypothetical 5 to 50% hazardous concentration values were, respectively, 0.023 (0.005-0.056) and 0.10 (0.031-0.31) mg L-1 for graphene oxide with and without humic acid, respectively. The safest scenario associated with the predicted no-effect concentration values for graphene oxide in the aquatic compartment were estimated as 20 to 100gL(-1) (in the absence of humic acid) and 5 to 23gL(-1) (in the presence of humic acid). Finally, the present approach contributed to the risk assessment of graphene oxide-based nanomaterials and the establishment of nano-regulations. Environ Toxicol Chem 2018;37:1998-2012. (c) 2018 SETAC"
"AB In recent years, nano-binders (mainly colloidal suspensions) have been proposed as alternative materials for applications that require CaO-free refractory lining or improved mechanical behavior at intermediate temperatures (700 degrees C < T < 1200 degrees C). Despite the benefits of these suspensions, nano-bonded castables usually present limited green mechanical strength and different on site logistics to handle the liquid. Considering the availability of novel alumina-silica-based powdered binders, this work investigated the role of submicron alumina and SioxX (R)-Zero (both supplied by Elkem company) on rheological and mechanical properties of vibratable high-alumina castables, aiming to identify whether they can be suitable options to replace colloidal silica suspensions. Cold and hot mechanical strength and apparent porosity in the range of 110-1400 degrees C, cyclic thermal shock resistance, creep tests and hot elastic modulus of the designed formulations were evaluated. According to the results, SioxX (R)-Zero-bonded compositions presented good flowability levels and their sintering process started around 800 degrees C. Adding boron carbide to the same formulations resulted in transient liquid sintering of the silica-containing refractories, which allowed the development of compositions with improved thermo-mechanical performance in the 600-1400 degrees C temperature range. Furthermore, the submicron alumina-bonded samples presented fast sintering, resulting in E values close to 200 GPa (the highest value so far registered in our lab for a coarse grain size formulation) after one heating-cooling thermal-cycle up to 1400 degrees C."
"AB Background Aortoiliac calcification may be a surrogate marker of decreased visceral perfusion causing anastomotic leak (AL). The aim of this study was to evaluate the predictive role of aortoiliac calcification for AL after rectal cancer surgery. Methods We enrolled patients with primary rectal cancer who had restorative resection at our institution between January 2013 and December 2015. An aortoiliac calcification score was calculated as the sum of calcification scores at the infrarenal aorta (0: no, 1: <= 3 cm, 2: > 3 cm) and the common iliac arteries (0: no, 1: unilateral, 2: bilateral). AL was classified into three grades: grade A, requiring no intervention; grade B, requiring therapeutic intervention without re-laparotomy; and grade C, requiring re-laparotomy. Clinicopathological characteristics were analyzed to identify risk factors for AL. Results There were 583 patients. Three-hundred forty-five (59.2%) had an aortoiliac calcification score >= 3, and 37 (6.3%) patients experienced AL, in 30 cases (5.1%) grade C AL. Patients with an aortoiliac calcification score >= 3 had a higher incidence of grade C AL (6.7% vs. 2.9%,p = 0.045). Multivariate logistic regression analysis revealed that an aortoiliac calcification score >= 3 was an independent risk factor for grade C AL (odds ratio = 2.669, 95% confidence interval 1.066-6.686,p = 0.036). Conclusions Aortoiliac calcification may be considered a risk factor for grade C AL after rectal cancer surgery."
"AB Purpose A sustainable freight transportation system involves freight processes that are economically efficient, socially inclusive and environment friendly. For enhancing sustainability in the freight operations, mode selection is a crucial strategic decision. Therefore, the purpose of this paper is selecting the best mode, or a combination of modes based on various criteria to carry shipments from origin to destination. Design/methodology/approach This study has used an integrated grey relational analysis based intuitionistic fuzzy multi-criteria decision-making process (GRA-IFP) and fuzzy multi-objective linear programming model. Three scenarios have been developed for analyzing sensitivity of decision variables with the variations in parameters under relevant conditions. A real case of Indian third-party logistics service provider has been used to demonstrate the effectiveness of the model. Findings The most relevant criterion emerged out in this study for multi-mode selection problem is costs. It can be concluded from the study that multi-modal freight transportation has the potential to improve the sustainability of freight transportation by reducing the costs, damages, emissions, traffic congestion and by increasing the speed of delivering the shipment. The sensitivity analysis further shows that road is the economical mode, whereas sea and rail together are the greenest as well as socially responsible modes of transportation. Originality/value This study provides an integrated tool, which can be used by freight transporters to decide upon the sustainable modes of transportation for their various shipments."
"AB Computer-Aided Nodule Assessment and Risk Yield (CANARY) is quantitative imaging analysis software that predicts the histopathological classification and post-treatment disease-free survival of patients with adenocarcinoma of the lung. CANARY characterizes nodules by the distribution of nine color-coded texture-based exemplars. We hypothesize that quantitative computed tomography (CT) analysis of the tumor and tumor-free surrounding lung facilitates non-invasive identification of clinically-relevant mutations in lung adenocarcinoma. Comprehensive analysis of targetable mutations (50-gene-panel) and CANARY analysis of the preoperative (<= 3 months) high resolution CT (HRCT) was performed for 118 pulmonary nodules of the adenocarcinoma spectrum surgically resected between 2006-2010. Logistic regression with stepwise variable selection was used to determine predictors of mutations. We identified 140 mutations in 106 of 118 nodules. TP53 (n = 48), KRAS (n = 47) and EGFR (n = 15) were the most prevalent. The combination of Y (Yellow) and G (Green) exemplars, fibrosis within the surrounding lung and smoking status were the best discriminators for an EGFR mutation (AUC 0.77 and 0.87, respectively). None of the EGFR mutants expressing TP53 (n = 5) had a good prognosis based on CANARY features. No quantitative features were significantly associated with KRAS mutations. Our exploratory analysis indicates that quantitative CT analysis of a nodule and surrounding lung may noninvasively predict the presence of EGFR mutations in pulmonary nodules of the adenocarcinoma spectrum."
"AB There has been considerable research on the environmental impact of supply chains but most of this has concentrated on the transport elements. The environmental impact of warehousing has received relatively little attention except within the context of distribution networks. A high proportion of total warehouse emissions emanate from heating, cooling, air conditioning and lighting and these aspects are largely related to warehouse size. This in turn is greatly influenced by inventory management, affecting stockholding levels, and warehouse design, affecting the footprint required for holding a given amount of stock. Other emissions, such as those caused by material handling equipment, are closely related to warehouse throughput and equipment choice. There is a substantial gap in the literature regarding this interaction between inventory and warehouse management and its environmental impact. The purpose of this paper is to contribute to filling this gap. Therefore, an integrated simulation model has been built to examine this interaction and the results highlight the key effects of inventory management on warehouse-related greenhouse gas emissions. In particular, it is found that decisions on supply lead times, reorder quantities, and storage equipment all have an impact on costs and emissions and therefore this integrated approach will inform practical decision making. Additionally, it is intended that the paper provides a framework for further research in this important area. (C) 2015 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB The separable convex resource allocation problem with nested bound constraints aims to allocate B units of resources to n activities to minimize a separable convex cost function, with lower and upper bounds on the total amount of resources that can be consumed by nested subsets of activities. We develop a new combinatorial algorithm to solve this model exactly. Our algorithm is capable of solving instances with millions of activities in several minutes. The running time of our algorithm is at most 73% of the running time of the current best algorithm for benchmark instances with three classes of convex objectives. The efficiency of our algorithm derives from a combination of constraint relaxation and divide and conquer based on infeasibility information. In particular, nested bound constraints are relaxed first; if the solution obtained violates some bound constraints, we show that the problem can be divided into two subproblems of the same structure and smaller sizes according to the bound constraint with the largest violation. Summary of Contribution. The resource allocation problem is a collection of optimization models with a wide range of applications in production planning, logistics, portfolio management, telecommunications, statistical surveys, and machine learning. This paper studies the resource allocation model with prescribed lower and upper bounds on the total amount of resources consumed by nested subsets of activities. These nested bound constraints are motivated by storage limits, time-window requirements, and budget constraints in various applications. The model also appears as a subproblem in models for green logistics and machine learning, and it has to be solved repeatedly. The model belongs to the class of computationally challenging convex mixed-integer nonlinear programs. We develop a combinatorial algorithm to solve this model exactly. Our algorithm is faster than the algorithm that currently has the best theoretical complexity in the literature on an extensive set of test instances. The efficiency of our algorithm derives from the combination of an infeasibility-guided divide-and-conquer framework and a scaling-based greedy subroutine for resource allocation with submodular constraints. This paper also showcases the prevalent mismatch between the theoretical worst-case time complexity of an algorithm and its practical efficiency. We have offered some explanations of this mismatch through the perspectives of worst-case analysis, specially designed instances, and statistical metrics of numerical experiments. The implementation of our algorithm is available on an online repository."
"AB Interpretive Structural Modeling (ISM) is a technique to establish the interrelationships between elements of interest in a specific domain through experts' knowledge of the context of the elements. This technique has been applied in numerous domains and the list continues to grow due to its simplistic concept, while sustainability has taken the lead. The partially automated or manual application of this technique has been prone to errors as witnessed in the literature due to a series of mathematical steps of higher-order computing complexity. Therefore, this work proposes to develop an end-to-end graphical software, SmartISM, to implement ISM technique and MICMAC (Matrice d'Impacts Croises Multiplication Appliquee a un Classement (cross-impact matrix multiplication applied to classification)), generally applied along with ISM to classify variables. Further, a scoping review has been conducted to study the applications of ISM in the previous studies using Denyer and Tranfield's (2009) framework and newly developed SmartISM. For the development of SmartISM, Microsoft Excel software has been used, and relevant algorithms and VBA (Visual Basic for Applications) functions have been illustrated. For the transitivity calculation the Warshall algorithm has been used and a new algorithm reduced conical matrix has been introduced to remove edges while retaining the reachability of variables and structure of digraph in the final model. The scoping review results demonstrate 21 different domains such as sustainability, supply chain and logistics, information technology, energy, human resource, marketing, and operations among others; numerous types of constructs such as enablers, barriers, critical success factors, strategies, practices, among others, and their numbers varied from 5 to 32; number of decision makers ranged between 2 to 120 with a median value of 11, and belong to academia, industry, and/or government; and usage of multiple techniques of discourse and survey for decision making and data collection. Furthermore, the SmartISM reproduced results show that only 29 out of 77 studies selected have a correct application of ISM after discounting the generalized transitivity incorporation. The outcome of this work will help in more informed applications of this technique in newer domains and utilization of SmartISM to efficiently model the interrelationships among variables."
"AB Objective: To judge the value of poor prognosis and mortality risk in ICU patients with sepsis by analyzing the ratio of serum C-reactive protein to albumin (CRPIALB), soluble myeloid cell expression trigger receptor-1 (sTREM-1) and serum cholinesterase (S-ChE)."
"AB The environmental dimension of the concept of sustainability has become a topic that has been frequently researched in the fields of psychology, sociology and organisational behaviour. Designed on the basis of previous studies, this study aims at explaining pro-environmental behaviour based on ecological worldviews of individuals and goals that the individuals desire to achieve with their environmental knowledge. Accordingly, two separate experimental studies, consisting of 109 high school students and 236 college students, were designed. Participants' level of knowledge was manipulated through environmental training, while their personal goals were manipulated so as to create certain conditions in order to lead individuals to achieve specific goals. The ecological worldviews of students were obtained by means of the new ecological paradigm scale. The validity of this scale was tested in two samples with multi-group confirmatory factor analysis. Multivariate logistic regression models were used to explain pro-environmental behaviour which was determined as 'dropping litter in to a recycle bin' in the first study and 'participating in an environmental event' in the second study. As a result of the first study, it was observed that one-unit change in the post-training views of the individual increases the probability by 11.1 times in exhibiting pro-environmental behaviour. Furthermore, the results showed that 'gain-goals' oriented individuals would exhibit pro-environmental behaviour 7.3 times more than those in the control group and 'normative-goals' oriented individuals would exhibit pro-environmental behaviour 3.5 times greater than those in the control group. It was estimated that the students who had environmental training would exhibit pro-environmental behaviour 2 times more than those who without. It was determined that environmental training had a significant effect only on voluntary behaviour when pro-environmental behaviour was classified as voluntary, gain or normative goal oriented behaviours. Accordingly, it was also estimated that the individuals who had environmental training would exhibit voluntary pro-environmental behaviour 4.7 times more than those who did not have any training. Training and goal-frames were treated to the subjects, so real responses of the subjects could be examined to the environmental training and goal-frame stimulation. So the main contribution of this research to the literature is enabling observation real pro-environmental behaviour of individuals in terms of interventions. (c) 2020 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Purpose Waste production and related environmental problems have caused urban services management many problems in collecting, transporting and disposal of waste. Since collecting and transporting waste are important parts of waste management budget, it is necessary to apply an appropriate method to reduce costs of collection. The aim of this study is to design a new model for urban waste collection vehicle routing problem with time windows and energy generating from waste. Design/methodology/approach A multiobjective model is presented with the objectives of minimizing cost of waste collection, reducing emissions from environmental pollutants and increasing income of recycles trade and energy recovery. Concerning the complexity of the model and its inability to solve large-scale problems, hyperactive genetic algorithms and multiple objective particle swarm optimization are applied. Findings The proposed model not only affects costs and income but also reduces the emissions of environmental pollutants. To solve the formulated model, multitarget approaches are applied on the processing site of Kermanshah city as a case study. The solutions of these algorithms and the exact method of partial constraints are compared and the outcomes are verified by numerical analysis by solving various examples in small, medium and large scales. The proposed model helps to collect urban wastes in the shortest possible time in addition to reducing the total cost, revenues from the sale of recycled materials and energy generation. Research limitations/implications Waste collection is related to VRP issue. Considering the environmental requirements in waste management, the concept of green supply chain is approached. This study provides a better understanding of urban waste management by examining various articles and combining economic and environmental dimensions. Waste management with a green approach and energy production from disposable waste involves many common stakeholders. Practical implications This study suggests that proper waste management can generate revenue from municipal waste. Moreover, it reduces cost of collecting and emission of environmental pollutants. These findings could motivate companies to waste management with a sustainable approach. Originality/value The proposed model boosts the current understanding of the waste management and energy generation of waste. The paper adds additional values by unveiling some key future research directions. This guidance may demonstrate possible existing and unexplored gaps so that researchers can direct future research to develop new processes."
"AB Purpose Issues pertaining to accessibility and inclusiveness of public spaces are not explicitly discussed in developing nations. Thus, this study aims to explore how ease of access and socio-economic status of residents influence the use of city-centre public spaces in Ibadan, Nigeria. Design/methodology/approach A survey involving users (N = 427) of three different types of public spaces (shopping mall, park and recreational centre) was undertaken. Statistical analysis including Kruskal Wallis H-test and ordered logistic regression analysis were used in determining the differences in the public spaces attributes and predicting the determinants of use. Findings The analysis revealed that the use of a private car, income and gender significantly predict the frequency of use. It was observed that the determinants of public space use differ across the three categories. In particular, accessibility better predicted the use of the park than it did for the shopping mall or the recreation club. Practical implications It brings to fore ways through which city planning in developing countries can address social exclusion and spatial disparity within city-centres. Specifically, new proposals need to be sensitive to the walkability potentials when sitting parks whilst holistic efforts must be directed towards group-specific needs when planning shopping malls and recreation clubs. City management strategies, policies and incentives are required to encourage the use of public transportation systems within city-centre spaces as it presents a vital platform for improving access and inclusive use. Originality/value The study fills the gap in the literature by extending knowledge on certain aspects of city-centre's public spaces in a unique cultural setting. The implications of socioeconomic disparity on public space use became apparent."
"AB Background: Coffee and tea are the most frequently consumed beverages in the world. Their potential effect on the risk of developing different types of malignancies has been largely investigated, but studies on leukaemia in adults are scarce."
"AB Normalized Difference Vegetation Index (NDVI) derived from Advanced Very High Resolution Radiometer (AVHRR) has been extensively used for examining long-term dynamics of the vegetated land surface and climate impacts because it provides the longest time series of global satellite measurements. However, the applications are significantly limited by the persistent presence of atmospheric contamination and snow cover in the NDVI time series. Several approaches have been developed for smoothing and fitting the time series of biweekly NDVI composites but the capabilities of depicting land surface dynamics are method dependent. Using a time series of daily EVI2 (two band enhanced vegetation index) from AVHRR long term data record (LTDR) (19821999), this study reconstructed a global dataset of spatially and temporally consistent and continuous daily vegetation index. Specifically, the EVI2 outliers were removed and missing observations were filled explicitly based on biophysical properties of vegetation growing cycles. The EVI2 temporal trajectory was then reconstructed using a hybrid piecewise logistic model which is biophysically meaningful in describing vegetation growth. Moreover, the confidence for each annual time series in each individual pixel was quantified by determining both the proportion of good quality satellite observations and the agreement index of model fitting during a vegetation growing season. Finally, verification was performed, which indicated that the reconstructed EVI2 trajectory reflects well the field observations of seasonal green vegetation cover and the flux tower measurements of interannual gross primary productivity variation. (C) 2014 Elsevier Inc All rights reserved."
AB Background: Acute infections have been posited as potential precipitants or triggers of the occurrence of stroke among adults with traditional vascular risk factors. We evaluated associations between stroke occurrence and reported febrile illness within 4 weeks (potential antecedent infections) among West Africans.
"AB Purpose In vitro and in vivo studies suggested that flavonols, flavones, flavanones and flavan-3-ols have preventive effects on breast carcinogenesis. Epidemiological evidence about the associations between these flavonoid biomarkers and breast cancer risk is limited. This study aimed to investigate the association between serum concentration of these flavonoids and breast cancer risk among Chinese women. Methods This hospital-based case-control study recruited 792 breast cancer cases and 813 age frequency-matched (5-year interval) controls who provided eligible blood samples in Guangdong Province, China. Ultra-high-performance liquid chromatography-tandem mass spectrometry was used to measure flavonoids. Unconditional logistic regression was used to estimate the odds ratio (OR) and 95% confidence internal (CI). Results Higher concentrations of serum flavonols, isorhamnetin, kaempferol, flavanones and naringenin were significantly associated with lower breast cancer risk, with adjusted ORs (95% CIs) for the highest versus the lowest group of 0.66 (0.49-0.89) for flavonols, 0.52 (0.38-0.70) for isorhamnetin, 0.60 (0.45-0.80) for kaempferol, 0.65 (0.49-0.87) for flavanones and 0.45 (0.34-0.60) for naringenin, respectively. Significant positive associations were observed between serum flavan-3-ols, epigallocatechin, epigallocatechin-3-gallate and breast cancer risk. No significant associations were observed for serum quercetin, flavones, apigenin, luteolin, hesperetin, catechin, epicatechin and epicatechin-3-gallate with overall breast cancer risk. Conclusions This study suggested that serum flavonols and flavanones were inversely associated with breast cancer risk and serum flavan-3-ols were positively associated with breast cancer risk. Serum flavones were not associated with overall breast cancer risk. These findings warrant further confirmation in prospective studies."
"AB Winter desiccation injury can severely impact golf courses in the northern and central Great Plains. While it is well-established that turfgrass crown moisture content (CMC) declines during fall cold-acclimation, little is known about CMC during winter desiccation stress and how management practices influence CMC during desiccation stress. The objectives of this study were to understand how protective covers, sand topdressing, and spray-applied treatments impact creeping bentgrass (Agrostis stolonifera) CMC and spring green-up following winter desiccation stress in Nebraska. Spray-applied treatments included a turf colorant, horticultural oil plus colorant, anti-transpirant, and a fall applied soil wetting agent. Crown moisture content was measured monthly from December to March at Mead, NE and after winter in Axtell, NE. Visual turfgrass quality ratings were used to monitor survival and spring regrowth. Late-fall sand topdressing and permeable and impermeable protective covers reduced winter desiccation injury compared to a non-treated plot. Turfgrass CMC ranged from 0.251 to 0.764 g H2O g(-1) fresh weight (FW) depending on treatment and location. Logistic regression indicated that turf plants with a CMC of 0.518 g H2O g(-1) FW had a 50% probability of significant winter desiccation injury. Under severe desiccation pressure, the spray-applied treatments did not prevent winter desiccation injury. Under these circumstances, a majority of plots receiving spray-applied treatments had a March CMC of less than 0.500 g H2O g(-1). Physical protection of turfgrass crowns with covers or sand topdressing in late fall sustained CMC during late-winter and decreased the potential for winter desiccation injury the following spring."
"AB An alternative to the production of fossil transportation fuels is the production of biofuels, specifically, bioethanol. One of the main opportunity areas is the reduction in the overall cost of biofuel. An approach to reduce this cost is to design and implement a supply chain (SC) that considers the quality-related properties of the biomass as well as the economies of scale to minimize the logistics and quality-related costs. This problem is formulated as a hub location problem, which has been classified as an NP-hard problem, therefore, meta-heuristics are a suitable approach to solve this problem. We propose a hybrid meta-heuristic solution procedure to solve large-scale instances of a two-stage stochastic biomass-to-biorefinery hub-and-spoke network problem. This solution procedure is proposed to support the large-scale production and distribution of bioethanol by considering the variability in its moisture and ash contents. The hybrid method utilizes a simulated annealing-simplex method to find an initial solution and a tabu search-simplex method to improve the solution. Numerical experimentation was performed on a realistic case study in Texas. The results show that the hybrid procedure outperforms the standard L-shaped (LS) method. The meta-heuristic combining simulated annealing and tabu search with the simplex method (SATS-SM) achieved 2.48% lower costs and required 96.57% less time, on average, when compared to the results from using the LS. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Companies in the twenty-first century are exposed to a variety of pressures to respond to environmental issues, and responding to these pressures affects several aspects of business such as purchasing, marketing and logistics. Managers increasingly view sustainability as a complement to their corporate agendas, or even as an opportunity. It is important to understand how firms integrate environmental issues into their businesses and how these integration strategies affect performance. The process of sustainable new product development (SNPD) is a key strategic focus to achieve economic and environmental sustainability. This paper examines the integration of environmental specialists into new product development teams that are composed of other functional specialists including marketing, manufacturing, and R&D personnel, and its impact on SNPD project performance across three stages; concept development, product development, and product commercialization. We empirically test our theoretical model using a sample of 219 firms from a range of business-to-business industries. We present evidence that integrating an environmental specialist into a new product team has a positive influence on SNPD project performance beyond what the traditional members of such a team would accomplish. We analyze this relationship across the stages of SNPD to obtain a clearer picture of the effects of this integration. In particular, the integration of the environmental specialist was more effective on SNPD project performance in the final stage of the SNPD process when the product was being launched; this effect is even greater for high-innovative projects. Published by Elsevier Inc."
"AB Background: Walk-up buildings are common in China today since they were almost the only type of residential buildings constructed from the 1950s to the 1990s. Objectives: This study examined how a vertical mobility obstacle, that is, mandatory stair climbing in walk-up residential buildings, may impact whether seniors go outdoors. Methods: We collected and examined 1,608 valid data records from 64 Chinese senior participants in Shanghai wearing Fitbit HR wristbands that tracked their mobility and physical activity for 31 consecutive days. Multilevel mixed-effects logistic regressions were performed on the binary leaving-home-or-not probability by the level of vertical obstacles controlled for physical-demographic factors, socioeconomic factors, outdoor activity habits, and weather. Results: Our observations revealed that each floor above ground level reduced the likelihood of outdoor trips by approximately one third per floor. After controlling for the physical, demographic, and socioeconomic factors of the participants as well as weather and holidays, we found that significantly fewer going-out incidents were also associated with more frequent outdoor activities within the community, especially in paved areas, but no associations were observed with self-reported visit frequencies to green spaces, senior centers within the community, or other places outside the community. Conclusion: This study offered the in situ observation that seniors' probability of leaving their homes is correlated with the degree of vertical circulation as a mobility barrier (i.e., the number of stairs between their living space and access to the outdoors), which may impact policy making for regulations concerning elevators in residential codes and renovations."
AB Introduction: There is limited information on the risk factors of epidemiological of bronchial asthma in adults. This research aims at studying the risk factors associated with asthma in adults.
AB Purpose: Transamniotic stem cell therapy (TRASCET) with select mesenchymal stem cells (MSCs) has been shown to induce partial or complete skin coverage of spina bifida in rodents. Clinical translation of this emerging therapy hinges on its efficacy in larger animal models. We sought to study TRASCET in a model requiring intra-amniotic injections 60 times larger than those performed in the rat.
"AB In recent years, fluorescent cholangiography using Indocyanine green (ICG) dye has been used to aid identification of structures during robotic cholecystectomy. We sought to compare cholecystectomy with ICG dye versus laparoscopic cholecystectomy at an inner-city academic medical center. Between January 2013 and July 2016, we identified 287 patients of which 191 patients underwent laparoscopic cholecystectomy and 96 patients underwent robotic cholecystectomy with ICG dye. Preoperative risk variables of interest included age, sex, race, body mass index (BMI), and acute cholecystitis. Primary outcome of interest was conversion to open procedures while secondary outcome was length of stay. The two groups were similar in their BMI (31.98 vs. 31.10 kg/m(2) for the laparoscopic and robotic, respectively, p = 0.32). The laparoscopic group had a greater mean age compared to the robotic group (47.77 vs. 43.61 years, p = 0.04). There was no significant difference in sex and emergency surgery between the two groups. Fewer open conversions were found in the robotic than the laparoscopic group [2 (2.1%) vs. 17 (8.9%), p = 0.03]. In multiple logistic regression, robotic cholecystectomy with ICG also showed a lower risk of conversion compared to laparoscopic cholecystectomy, but the difference did not reach statistical significance (OR 0.42, 95% CI 0.11-1.65, p = 0.22). ICG fluorescent cholangiography during robotic cholecystectomy may contribute to proper identification of biliary structures and may reduce the rates of open conversion. The preliminary results of fewer open conversions are promising. Further studies with a large randomized prospective controlled study should be taken for further evaluation."
"AB Compost, as stabilized organic matter, can be virtuously used for the recovery of degraded soils and their fertility restoring, carbon sequestration in the soil and the reduction in the use of chemical inputs (fertilizers, pesticides, fuel) resulting in the decrease of production costs and negative environmental impacts. Additionally, compost can be successfully used in other productive (nursery) and landscape-environmental-hobby activities (green areas, recovery of waste dumps, gardening, etc.). Choosing the most appropriate composting technology depends on some farm evaluations (volumes of materials to be composted, matrixes type and their supply places, machinery/facilities already present in the farm) and preliminary analyses of environmental and economic sustainability to be performed by means of methodologies such as Life Cycle Assessment, Life Cycle Costing and Energy Analysis."
AB OBJECTIVE To evaluate surgical outcomes of patients who underwent complete or incomplete enucleation technique during a short-term postoperative period.
"AB Objectives: The aim of this study was to develop a decision support model for the prediction of occlusal force from the size and color of articulating paper markings in bruxism patients. Methods: We used the information from the datasets of 30 bruxism patients in which digital measurements of the size and color of articulating paper markings (12-mu m Hanel; Coltene/Whaledent GmbH, Langenau, Germany) on canine protected hard stabilization splints were measured in pixels (P) and in red (R), green (G), and blue (B) values using Adobe Photoshop software (Adobe Systems, San Jose, CA, USA). The occlusal force (F) was measured using T-Scan III (Tekscan Inc., South Boston, MA, USA). The multiple regression equation was applied to predict F from the P and RGB. Model evaluation was performed using the datasets from 10 new patients. The patient's occlusal force measured by T-Scan III was used as a 'gold standard' to compare with the occlusal force predicted by the multiple regression model. Results: The results demonstrate that the correlation between the occlusal force and the pixels and RGB of the articulating paper markings was positive (F = 1.62xP + 0.07xR -0.08xG + 0.08xB + 4.74; R-2 = 0.34). There was a high degree of agreement between the occlusal force of the patient measured using T-Scan III and the occlusal force predicted by the model (kappa value = 0.82). Conclusions: The results obtained demonstrate that the multiple regression model can predict the occlusal force using the digital values for the size and color of the articulating paper markings in bruxism patients."
"AB Background and Objective: Nutritional imbalance, combined with endocrine abnormalities, may be involved in the pathogenesis of osteoarthritis (OA). This study was conducted to determine the association of OA with dietary factors, such as quantity and quality of nutrient intake."
AB To investigate the predictive factors of polyp regression after intravitreal ranibizumab injections for polypoidal choroidal vasculopathy (PCV).
"   Sixty-nine eyes (69 patients) with treatment-na < ve PCV received an initial series of 3-monthly intravitreal ranibizumab injections, followed by as-needed injections. Polyp regression was determined after 6 months from baseline by means of indocyanine angiography and correlated with clinical characteristics at baseline."
"   After treatment, 26.1 % (18 out of 69 eyes) achieved complete polyp regression and 73.9 % (51 out of 69 eyes) showed persistent polyps. The mean logarithm of the minimum angle of resolution (logMAR) of best-corrected visual acuity (BCVA) was significantly improved in both groups (P = 0.02). No statistically significant difference in BCVA improvement was observed between the groups. However, the proportion of subjects with BCVA improvement by more than three lines was significantly higher in the polyp regression group (P = 0.02). Univariate analysis of the baseline characteristics identified the number of polyps (P = 0.02), the total polyp area (P = 0.009) and the polyp pattern (P = 0.01) as predictive factors for polyp regression. Multivariate logistic regression identified the total polyp area (P = 0.01) as an independent predictor for polyp regression after intravitreal ranibizumab injections."
   The regression of polypoidal lesions in PCV patients after intravitreal ranibizumab injections was associated with a smaller total polyp area. This result could be helpful in predicting polypoidal changes after ranibizumab treatment and in deciding the best treatment strategy for PCV patients.
"AB Aim Lifestyle factors may influence cognitive function. Therefore, we compared the risk of cognitive impairment (COI) of all possible combinations of three lifestyle factors-tea consumption, physical activity, and siesta (afternoon nap or rest)-to the absence of any of these lifestyle factors. Methods This cross-sectional study consisted of 4579 community-dwelling Chinese individuals aged 60 years or older living in Suzhou. Among the subjects were 3634 participants with normal cognition and 945 who had been diagnosed with COI according to the Abbreviated Mental Test. Odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were estimated with a multivariate-adjusted model by logistic regression. Results Individually, tea consumption and physical activity significantly lowered the risk of COI to 0.66 (95%CI: 0.48-0.90) and 0.79 (95%CI: 0.65-0.96), respectively. In combination, physical activity and siesta reduced the risk of COI to the greatest extent (OR = 0.44, 95%CI: 0.31-0.64). Based on multivariate adjustment, almost all combinations of factors had a significant negative association with COI, but the combination of tea consumption and siesta had an irrelevant correlation with COI. All combinations of lifestyle factors had a lower OR than any single lifestyle factor among the correlations that were significant. Conclusion Based on our findings, engaging in physical activity in combination with either or both of the other lifestyle factors was associated with a lower OR of having COI than adhering on a single factor in elderly Chinese people."
AB Objectives
"AB The problem of environmental pollution by production and consumption waste is one of the most acute in the Russian Federation and requires a systematic and urgent solution. In this regard, the Government of the Russian Federation has developed a federal project ""Infrastructure for handling waste of I -II hazard classes"" as a part of the national project ""Ecology"". The federal project provides for the creation of a network of environmental technology parks - industrial and technical complexes for the processing, recycling and disposal of hazardous class I and II waste, equipped with the best available technologies and highly qualified personnel. At the created eco-technoparks, physical and chemical waste treatment, demercurization and high-temperature neutralization are proposed as technologies for processing waste of I and II hazard classes. The instructions of the President of the Russian Federation emphasized the need to ensure safety when handling waste of hazard classes I and II. The platform for these changes was the ideology of ""green"" growth and focus on sustainable environmental management. To achieve this goal, it is extremely important to create an effective state information system for accounting for the generation of waste of I and II hazard classes on the basis of which the production and logistics infrastructure is being implemented, which makes it possible to process the entire volume of these types of waste generated at enterprises and return useful components after recycling to economic circulation. For the new branch of processing production and consumption waste to obtain marketable products with high added value an important task is personnel training."
"AB Cholera is a severe diarrheal disease and remains a global threat to public health. Climate change and variability have the potential to increase the distribution and magnitude of cholera outbreaks. However, the effect of heatwave on the occurrence of cholera at individual level is still unclear. It is also unknown whether the local vegetation could potentially mitigate the effects of extreme heat on cholera outbreaks. In this study, we designed a case-crossover study to examine the association between the risk of cholera and heatwaves as well as the modification effects of rainfall and tree cover. The study was conducted in Matlab, a cholera endemic area of rural Bangladesh, where cholera case data were collected between January 1983 and April 2009. The association between the risk of cholera and heatwaves was examined using conditional logistic regression models. The results showed that there was a higher risk of cholera two days after heatwaves (OR = 1.53, 95% CI: 1.07-2.19) during wet days (rainfall > 0 mm). For households with less medium-dense tree cover, the heatwave after a 2-day lag was positively associated (OR = 1.80, 95% CI: 1.01-3.22) with the risk of cholera during wet days. However, for households with more medium-dense tree cover, the association between the risk of cholera and heatwave in 2-day lag was not significant. These findings suggest that heatwaves might promote the occurrence of cholera, while this relationship was modified by rainfall and tree cover. Further investigations are needed to explore major mechanisms underlying the association between heatwaves and cholera as well as the beneficial effects of tree cover."
AB To describe healthy and unhealthy dietary behaviors among young and older Brazilian adults.
AB Purpose: The International Study Group of Liver Surgery (ISGLS) proposed a definition and grading system for posthepatectomy liver failure (PHLF). We evaluated the usefulness of residual liver function estimation using Tc-99m-galactosyl human serum albumin (Tc-99m-GSA) for the prediction of PHLF.
"AB Purpose - The purpose of this paper is to examine managerial perspectives in both buyer and supplier firms implementing environmental initiatives in their supply chains, and explore the impact of environmental initiatives on buyer-supplier relationships."
"AB This paper aims to provide a bibliometric analysis of publication trends on the themes of biomass and bioenergy worldwide. A wide range of studies have been performed in the field of the usage of biomass for energy production, in order to contribute to the green transition from fossil fuels to renewable energies. Over the past 20 years (from 2000 to 2019), approximately 10,000 articles have been published in the ""Agricultural and Biological Sciences"" field on this theme, covering all stages of production-from the harvesting of crops to the particular type of energy produced. Articles were obtained from the SCOPUS database and examined with a text mining tool in order to analyze publication trends over the last two decades. Publications per year in the bioenergy theme have grown from 91 in 2000 to 773 in 2019. In particular the analyses showed how environmental aspects have increased their importance (from 7.3% to 11.8%), along with studies related to crop conditions (from 10.4% to 18.6%). Regarding the use of energy produced, growing trends were recognized for the impact of biofuels (mentions moved from 0.14 times per article in 2000 to 0.38 in 2019) and biogases (from 0.14 to 0.42 mentions). Environmental objectives have guided the interest of researchers, encouraging studies on biomass sources and the optimal use of the energy produced. This analysis aims to describe the research evolution, providing an analysis that can be helpful to predict future scenarios and participation among stakeholders in the sector."
"AB PurposeTo assess the dietary inadequacies of micronutrients and the associated factors among the apparently healthy urban adults.MethodsThis community-based cross-sectional study involved 300 urban adults (distributed into age groups: 21-40, 41-60, and >60 years) residing in Hyderabad city, South India. Hemoglobin in whole blood, ferritin, folate, and vitamin B12 (B12) in plasma was estimated. Dietary intakes were assessed by three 24-h dietary recalls and calculated the probability of adequacy (PA) using estimated average requirement.ResultsThe prevalence of anemia (30%), iron deficiency (ID, 23%), and iron deficiency anemia (IDA, 14.3%) was independent of age but higher in women. While folate deficiency (32.2%) was independent of age and gender, B12 deficiency (35.5%) varied by both age and gender. The PA of iron (89%) was higher, while that of folate, B12, and zinc (1-11%) were noticeably low. The mean PA (MPA) across the ten micronutrients was 38%, independent of age and gender, but associated with the educational status. Energy intake was a strong predictor of the MPA. Cereals and millets predominantly contributed to the intake of thiamine, niacin, zinc, and iron; green leafy vegetables and fruits to vitamins A, C, folate, and iron; animal foods to B12; and milk and milk products to calcium, vitamin A, riboflavin, and B12. The unadjusted and adjusted logistic regression models revealed that micronutrient inadequacy was associated with greater risk of IDA and folate deficiency.ConclusionsThese results indicate a higher prevalence of micronutrient deficiencies among the healthy urban adults possibly due to the inadequacy of multiple micronutrients."
"AB Total liver volume (TLV) empirically changes after aggressive preoperative chemotherapy for colorectal liver metastases (CLM). However, the actual degree of changes in normal liver parenchyma and its clinical relevance remain unclear."
"AB The United Nations define Supply Chain Sustainability as ""the management of environmental, social and economic impacts, and the encouragement of good governance practices throughout the lifecycles of goods and services."" (UN, 2015). We deal with the logistic network, an important component of the Supply Chain, in industries either generating or using hazardous material (HM) in some stage of their productive processes. A major concern when transporting HM or locating hazardous facilities is to minimize risks and hazards to the population and environment. Most studies on this issue only consider one type of HM and fail to differentiate populations with different degrees of vulnerability. This work addresses both the problem of locating hazardous facilities and routing HMs across a large, densely populated urban area, minimizing the associated costs and hazards imposed on the population. Populations, aggregated in centers, were differentiated into vulnerable populations, which are the hardest to evacuate in a short period of time, and non-vulnerable populations. Several types of HMs with different degrees of hazard were considered. We propose a multi-objective programming model with multiple origin-destination (OD) pairs that considers maximizing the minimum weighted distance between hazardous facilities and the exposed vulnerable population, maximizing the minimum weighted distance from HM transportation arcs to the exposed vulnerable population, minimizing the total hazard imposed on the non-vulnerable population, and routing and location costs. The methodology has been tested in the transportation network in the city of Santiago, Chile. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
AB Background: Available data on the effects of heatwaves on hospitalizations and postdischarge status of Alzheimer's disease patients are very scarce.
"AB Globalized economic systems involve complex supply chains (SCs) where environmental and social impacts are to be managed in alignment with diverse stakeholder expectations and to mitigate sustainability-related risks. Quantitative modeling approaches for sustainable supply chain management (SSCM) have gained increasing attention. Compared to analytical models and mathematical programming, simulation methods in SSCM are underrepresented, although system dynamics (SD) modeling is suitable to simulate and examine complex and dynamic systems and to support long-term, strategic decision-making. This paper provides a review of SSCM-related SD models, systematizes SSCM from a systems thinking perspective in a conceptual framework, and proposes guidelines for SD modeling in SSCM research. A content analysis of related literature examines SD models for forward, reverse, and closed-loop SCs that include environmental or social aspects of sustainability. It is found that a majority of models deals with macroscopic levels of analysis while models for intra- and inter-organizational SCs are less prominent. SSCM-related SD models integrate environmental and social sustainability metrics, governmental pressures and incentives or customer expectations, but uncertainties and risks are seldom modeled. Inferences for future SD modeling in SSCM are derived from this review to address strengths and shortcomings of extant SD modeling approaches for SSCM. SSCM-related constructs, model validation and the need of hybrid models, which integrate different simulation, optimization, or multi criteria decision-making models, are addressed. A framework for a systems thinking perspective on SSCM is conceptualized that may serve as a basis for future research. (C) 2018 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
AB Background/Purpose: Endobronchial ultrasound (EBUS) elastography is a new technique that provides information on tissue compressibility during endobronchial ultrasound-guided transbronchial needle aspiration (EBUS-TBNA). The purposes of this study were to evaluate the utility of EBUS elastography in differentiating malignant and benign mediastinal lymph nodes (LNs) and to explore the factors that influence its accuracy.
"AB Greenspace is widely related to mental health benefits, but this relationship may vary by social group. Gentrification, as linked to processes of unequal urban development and conflict, potentially impacts health outcomes. This study explores the relationships between greenspace and mental health and between gentrification and mental health associations. It also further examines gentrification as an effect modifier in the greenspace-mental health association and SES as an effect modifier in the gentrification-mental health association. We used cross-sectional Barcelona (Spain) data from 2006, which included perceived mental health status and self-reported depression/anxiety from the Barcelona Health Survey. Greenspace exposure was measured as residential access to (1) all greenspace, (2) greenways and (3) parks in 2006. Census-tract level gentrification was measured using an index including changes in sociodemographic indicators between 1991 and 2006. Logistic regression models revealed that only greenways were associated with better mental health outcomes, with no significant relationship between mental health and parks or all greenspace. Living in gentrifying neighborhoods was protective for depression/anxiety compared to living in non-gentrifying neighborhoods. However, only residents of gentrifiable census tracts benefited from the exposure to greenways. SES was not found to be an effect modifier in the association between gentrification and mental health. Future research should tackle this study's limitations by incorporating a direct measure of displacement in the gentrification status indicator, accounting for qualitative aspects of greenspace and user's perceptions. Gentrification may undermine the health benefits provided by greenspace interventions."
"AB The integration of food-energy-water (FEW) sectors is essential for addressing the co-evolution of urban infrastructure systems during urban growth. But how these evolutionary pathways can affect an urban growth model is unclear. This review paper offers a synthesis of the current philosophy of a FEW nexus in connection with the realm of urban growth models (UGMs) to signify the paradigm collision and shift with interdisciplinary sustainability insights. Findings indicate that urban metabolism and urban ecology in relation to FEW sectors can be incorporated into UGMs with scales via multicriteria decision analysis as FEW technology hub integration can play a critical role in UGMs via a common cellular automata (CA) architecture for both model construction and solution procedure. Synergies between FEW sectors and CA-based UGMs as well as tradeoffs across FEW technology hub integration are highlighted to reflect the cascade effects and higher order impact on urban metabolism and urban ecology. This concept was confirmed with a case study in Miami, Florida, the United States for demonstration. Such synergistic framework is helpful for fostering more sustainable, green, smart, forward-looking, environmentally-sound, socially equitable, risk-informed, resilient, and cost-effective urban growth simulations. It is anticipated that the proposed hybrid FEW-CA-based UGMs can fully account for interactions of context- and culture-driven issues for multi-scale and multiagent urban planning and design in different countries."
"AB This paper examines the prevalence of active travel to school and the associated determinants for Hong Kong schoolchildren aged 5-12. Data were collected through questionnaire surveys, which provided information re lating to children's travel characteristics for their journeys to school and personal/household socio-demographic characteristics. Secondary data of the geography around children's residences were also obtained, to better understand surrounding street environment, public transit, open and green space and recreational facilities. The geographical features within their residence neighbourhoods were mapped and enumerated. Binary logistic regression modelling was conducted to understand the association between the status of children's active travel to school (binary dependent variable of 'active travel' versus 'not active travel') with socio-demographic and geographical factors (independent variables). The results show that network distance from school and other neighbourhood environment variables, such as street block size, public transit facilities and sport/ leisure ve nues, are highly significant factors associated with active travel to school. A case study was conducted on one selected primary school, where one third of participating children walked to school, with the majority of walkers living within the neighbourhood of the school. Their most direct routes to school were 10-15 min walks involving 1-2 at-grade crossings. Other pedestrian facilities in the area were also qualitatively examined on-site to better understand the local geographical context of the case study area. The findings inform policy direction on what needs to change for children to lead a healthier and more physically active lifestyle, including improvements in the neighbourhood environment."
"AB In real time scenarios, the single image encryption schemes are not that efficient when a bunch of color images is to be encrypted. This problem should be addressed due to computational cost incurred by multiple executions of single color-image encryption scheme. The objective of this research work is to provide a new and efficient multiple color images cipher scheme. This cipher is based on chaotic system, circular shift operations and SHA-384 hash codes. First of all, an arbitrary number of RGB images are input. They are combined in a rectangular fashion to get their hash code. Then this big color-image is decomposed into its three basic components, i.e., red, green and blue. To scramble the pixels of these components, they are shifted circularly both the row-wise and column-wise. Further, XOR operation has been performed to realize the effects of diffusion in these components. Lastly, these components are joined together to get the final RGB cipher image. Apart from the 384-hash codes, a salt key of 384-bit has also been used in the proposed cipher to heighten the security effects. The SHA-384 hash codes render the required key space and plaintext sensitivity. The simulation results and the performance analyses carried out at the end clearly prove the efficiency, effectiveness, robustness and the real-world applicability of the proposed multiple RGB images cipher. Besides, the encryption throughput 7.716 Mb/s of the proposed scheme outperforms many of the existing ones."
"AB The association of chocolate consumption with risk of gestational diabetes has not been examined. We aimed to investigate the prospective association between chocolate consumption and risk of gestational diabetes in a large birth cohort in Japan. A total of 97 454 pregnant women with a median gestational age of 12 weeks were recruited from January 2011 to March 2014. Data on demographic information, disease history, socio-economic status, lifestyle and dietary habits were obtained at the study enrolment. Dietary intake during the past 12 months before study enrolment was assessed through a semi-quantitative FFQ. The logistic regression was used to obtain the OR of gestational diabetes in relation to chocolate consumption. Among 84 948 women eligible for the analysis, 1904 cases of gestational diabetes (2 center dot 2 %) were identified during the period of pregnancy. After controlling for potential confounding factors including age, smoking status, drinking status, education level, occupation, pre-pregnant BMI, depression, previous history of macrosomia babies, parity, physical activity and dietary factors, women in the highest quartile of chocolate consumption, compared with those in the lowest quartile, had a significantly lower risk of developing gestational diabetes (OR 0 center dot 78, 95 % CI 0 center dot 67, 0 center dot 90; P for trend = 0 center dot 002). Stratified analyses suggested that the association was not significantly modified by pre-pregnancy BMI, age, parity, smoking status or drinking status. The present prospective cohort study provided evidence that chocolate consumption was associated with a significant lower risk of gestational diabetes in Japanese women."
"AB While peer-to-peer (P2P) financing mechanisms have recently gained significant popularity, small and medium sized enterprise (SME) entrepreneurs still harbor a considerable degree of skepticism about the role of governments in promoting alternative supply chain finance (SCF) solutions in the re-emergence of supply chain (SC) localization. This paper studies the SC financing problem of a capital-constrained SME entrepreneur under two alternative financing schemes provided by an online P2P lending-investment platform, namely debt financing (DF) and equity financing (EF). Considering the competition between a local and a foreign SC in a shared market, we investigate the direct (i.e., subsidizing domestic production) and indirect (i.e., subsidizing P2P platform service fee) roles of government intervention toward SC localization. Formulating a three-level Stackelberg game model, this paper presents a scenario-based decision-making framework to jointly evaluate four different SCF scenarios through the lens of local SC, P2P financing platforms, and government. The results reveal that there exist three possible regions (i.e., DF, EF, and Conflict), within which the government and the P2P financing platforms can examine the alternative SCF schemes in order to achieve a mutually agreeable agreement. Our sensitivity analysis on interest rate and exchange ratio suggests that, when financed via an online P2P lending platform (i.e., DF), the local SC always achieves a higher profit under the direct intervention policy. The indirect policy, however, is preferred only when EF is the main source of SCF and the exchange ratio is sufficiently high."
"AB Purpose - The purpose of this paper is to systematically review the academic literature on sustainability performance measurement for sustainable supply chain management (SSCM) published over the past 20 years. The development and current state of instruments, concepts and systems to measure and manage sustainability performance are examined and research gaps are identified."
"AB Uncertainty in real-world situations disrupts operations, including the collection process in closed-loop supply chains (CLSCs). A collection disruption is more critical in the pharmaceutical sector since pharmaceutical leftovers contain chemicals that threaten the environment and human health. This paper revolves around the challenges of a real pharmaceutical case that implements circular economy principles through a closed-loop system design, takes sustainability issues into account, and seeks for effective management of collection disruption. The case includes a manufacturer, who invests in green research and development (R&D), and two retailers competing on corporate social responsibility (CSR) efforts to boost the collection amount and market demand. This competitive environment raises conflict of interests and complicates the interactions between members, which need to be neutralized by an appropriate coordination plan. This paper proposes an analytical scenario-based coordination model that resolves channel conflicts and pays dividends to the involving members through augmenting their social, economic, and environmental performance. We show that the coordination plan could be a practical policy to increase the system's adaptability to disruption. Under the coordinated model, by increasing a retailer's collection disruption, the other one invests more in CSR efforts to compensate for its competitor's lower collection, preventing loss for the whole channel. We also demonstrate that the proposed model maintains the chain's balance and prevents loss in case of a highly competitive CSR-based collection and boosts the collection amount, market demand, and the whole chain's profitability simultaneously. (C) 2020 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Anaemia has significant negative impact on the health of school children including poor scholastic performance and cognitive impairment. The present study was done with the objective to estimate the prevalence of anemia among school going children in Ernakulam district, Kerala and to determine a few factors associated with anemia. Hemoglobin of 880 students of 6th to 9th standard in 11 randomly selected schools of Ernakulam district was estimated using HemoCue 201 photometer. Prevalence of anaemia was expressed using frequencies and percentages. Univariate analysis for factors associated with anemia was done. Selected variables were entered into a logistic regression model. The prevalence of anemia was estimated to be 44% (95% CI 40.67-47.33). Among them 0.8% had severe anemia, 3.5% had moderate anemia and 39.7% had mild anemia. Among them 21.3% and 52.6% reported not in the habit of consuming green leafy vegetables and citrus fruits respectively, at least three times on a usual week. Anemia among children was associated with female gender (adjusted OR 1.53, 95% CI 1.16-2.04), higher age group (adjusted OR 2.24, 95% CI 1.69-2.91) and regular intake of tea/coffee along with major meals (adjusted OR 1.62, 95% CI 1.20-2.04). Anemia among school going children in Ernakulam remains a public health problem and was more among females, higher age groups (12-15years) and those reported regular intake of tea/coffee along with major meals. The consumption of iron rich foods among the students was poor. Behavior change communication for dietary modification and universal supplementation of iron is warranted."
"AB This study sought to investigate the prevalence of Listeria species (including L. monocytogenes) in a mixed produce and dairy farm and to identify specific meteorological factors affecting Listeria spp. presence. Environmental samples were collected monthly from locations within the mixed farm over 14 months and were analyzed for Listeria spp. Meteorological factors were evaluated for their association with the presence of Listeria spp. by using logistic regression (LR) and random forest (RF). The developed LR model identified wind speed and precipitation as significant risk factors (P < 0.05), indicating higher wind speed at day 2 prior to sampling and higher average precipitation over the previous 25 days before sampling increased the probability of isolation of Listeria spp. from the mixed farm. Results from RF revealed that average wind speed at day 2 prior to sampling and average precipitation in the previous 25 days before sampling were the most important factors influencing the presence of Listeria spp., which supported the findings from LR. These findings indicate that the occurrence of Listeria spp. was influenced by wind speed and precipitation, suggesting run-off and wind-driven dust might be possible routes of pathogen transmission in mixed farms. The developed LR and RF models, with robust predictive performances as measured by the area under the receiver operating characteristic curves, can be used to predict Listeria spp. contamination risk in a mixed farm under different weather conditions and can help with the evaluation of farm management practices and the development of control strategies aimed at reducing pre-harvest microbial contamination in a mixed farming system."
"AB There is global enthusiasm for payments for ecosystem services (PES) programs to solve environmental problems, including in China. However, PES programs in China go against the principle of voluntary transaction', which weakens the influences of economic factors on farmers' participation decisions and makes it hard to reveal their influence on farmers' participation willingness. Using household survey data and a logistic regression model, this study attempts to understand the influencing factors of farmers' decision-making on involvement in PES projects for hypothetical voluntary participation and focuses on whether the farmer would reject the program if the payment stopped. A surprising but promising result is found in the case of the Paddy Land-to-Dry Land (PLDL) program in Chicheng County, China, wherein, apart from the negative impact of education and the positive effect of off-farm income, two non-economic factors play a significant role in farmers' participation. The one is basic cognition, which negatively affects farmers' participation, and the other is inner altruistic motivation, which positively contributes to the participation. In addition, the high proportion of reconversion to paddy land after the payment period threatens the long-term sustainability of the PLDL program. Faced with the low education and environmental cognition statuses in remote agricultural areas, increasing educational quality and promoting the popular awareness of PES programs in rural areas should be highlighted in sustaining the efficiency and effectiveness of PES programs in the long run."
"AB Biological agency on rock coasts has been widely recognised over recent decades. This study deals with the distribution and morphometric characteristics of microforms features developed by cyanobacteria (Rivularia sp.) on coastal limestone outcrops. These coastal microforms, known as biopits, have a small rounded basin shape a few millimetres in size. Environmental and geological data were collected from 100 random rock surface spots from Punta des Farallo cape (Mallorca, Western Mediterranean), from which major controls on the spatial distribution of biopits were established. Additionally, morphological data on 382 biopits determined the diagnostic morphometry of these features and their enlargement mechanisms. The results indicated that biopits exhibit a preferential location in shaded exposures and sheltered areas from prevailing winds and waves, avoiding direct insolation and desiccation. Other major controls on these microforms location and development were variables such as the rock surface slope and the distance to the coast (i.e. influence of splash and spray). Shadow spots displayed higher biopits density than other locations according to the patterns determined by environmental and geomorphological factors at the study site. Morphometric analyses showed that biopits have a width twice their depth. The average width of the microforms was 6.49 +/- 2.40 mm and the average depth 2.46 +/- 1.09 mm. Most frequently, the width/depth ratio was 2 or larger. This characteristic shape ratio was an additional factor that plays a role in maintaining the necessary humidity for microorganisms associated with biopits. (C) 2016 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB We investigated seasonal variations in cyanobacterial biomass and the forms of its dominant population (M. aeruginosa) and their correlation with environmental factors in the water source area of Chaohu City, China from December 2011 to October 2012. The results show that species belonging to the phylum Cyanophyta occupied the maximum proportion of phytoplankton biomass, and that the dominant population in the water source area of Chaohu City was M. aeruginosa. The variation in cyanobacterial biomass from March to August 2012 was well fitted to the logistic growth model. The growth rate of cyanobacteria was the highest in June, and the biomass of cyanobacteria reached a maximum in August. From February to March 2012, the main form of M. aeruginosa was the single-cell form; M. aeruginosa colonies began to appear from April, and blooms appeared on the water surface in May. The maximum diameter of the colonies was recorded in July, and then gradually decreased from August. The diameter range of M. aeruginosa colonies was 18.37-237.77 mu m, and most of the colonies were distributed in the range 20-200 mu m, comprising 95.5% of the total number of samples. Temperature and photosynthetically active radiation may be the most important factors that influenced the annual variation in M. aeruginosa biomass and forms. The suitable temperature for cyanobacterial growth was in the range of 15-30A degrees C. In natural water bodies, photosynthetically active radiation had a significant positive influence on the colonial diameter of M. aeruginosa (P < 0.01)."
"AB India is a rapidly growing country and this created pressure on its natural resources. During its growth and development, different types of wastes are produced through agricultural, industrial, and anthropogenic activities besides increase in energy demand to keep its pace of growth to become a developed nation. Various strategies like landfill, incineration, gasification, and anaerobic digestion (AD) are available to treat as well as to produce energy from the wastes. Production of biogas through AD is one of the best available options due to low energy requirement and eco-friendly nature as compared with other methods. In India, waste to the energy sector may project to a market size of 14 billion similar to USD by 2025 with an annual increase of around 7%. In order to capture this untapped source of energy scientific management of waste along with Government policies, schemes and incentives for waste management, renewable energy, agriculture, etc. and their implementations are crucial cornerstones for the promotion of biogas technology and to get renewable energy on sustainable basis. But still a number of challenges are being faced by its stakeholders in India to transform wastes into energy and to secure a clean and green future. Production process of gaseous fuels, management of wastes, its logistics, and recent advancements in Govt. policies and schemes are being discussed in this review article that may help its stakeholders to make India self-reliance in renewable energy along with sustainable growth and development."
"AB In this short communication piece, we draw attention to the discussion on policies for reducing energy poverty in European Union member states. We urgently need a policy approach able to support the transition from the current rising levels of energy poverty to a sustainable community with a greener and healthier future. Analysing energy prices, the policy framework and household income, we conduct a preliminary investigation of energy poverty from a macro-level perspective and associated policy interventions in the EU. Obtained from a nonclassical fuzzy-set qualitative comparative analysis, our results clearly show that energy poverty is a product of substantial interdependence that may be summarised in two paths: (PP1) low or median household income and energy-policy focus, and (PP2) high energy prices and energy-policy focus. Surprisingly, our findings indicate that an energy-policy focus is found in EU member states with the highest levels of energy poverty. One step further, we also offer an insight into the absence of energy poverty, where soda! policy seems to play the key role. Taken together, we argue that member states facing above-average energy poverty are captured in an energy-poverty trap, whereby the existing energy-policy focus does not yield the desired results and the social policy is often too costly to implement due to the problem's magnitude. Our main concern is that prioritising any of the policies may slow down the transition to a sustainable energy society. We, therefore, call on scientists to not only further examine the energy-poverty phenomenon but to also participate in creating effective policies. (C) 2020 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Inc. on behalf of International Energy Initiative."
"AB Anemia is a risk factor for frailty. Although various factors can reduce the risk of anemia, information on dietary contributions is limited. This study aimed to evaluate the association between anemia and eating patterns in Japanese elderly. Our study included 6,864 elderly individuals, aged >= 6.5 y, whose data were obtained from the 2010-2015 National Health and Nutritional Survey, Japan. Anemia was defined as whole blood hemoglobin concentrations <13 g/dL in men, and <12 g/dL in women. We classified eating patterns into 33 food groups, using food items obtained from dietary records, and identified three dietary patterns using principal component analysis method. Participants were assigned and divided into quartiles according to pattern-specific factor scores. We calculated adjusted odds ratios (ORs) for anemia using multivariate logistic regression, and assigned the first quartile (minimum) as the reference. The overall prevalence of anemia was 17.1%. The meats and vegetables eating pattern was characterized by red meat and other vegetables, the Japanese eating pattern by rice and salted or pickled vegetables, and the fruits and vegetables eating pattern by fruits and green-yellow vegetables. Participants in the highest meats and vegetables eating pattern quartile had a 20% lower risk of anemia than those in the lowest quartile (OR 0.81; 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.66-1.00); the Japanese eating pattern participants had a 20% higher risk of anemia (OR 1.28; 95% CI 1.06-1.53). The fruits and vegetables eating pattern participants had no significant change in their risk of anemia. This study may indicate that consuming a high red meat diet prevents anemia in elderly Japanese individuals."
"AB Baited Underwater Video (BUV) systems have become increasingly popular for assessing marine biodiversity. These systems provide video footage from which biologists can identify the individual fish species present. Here we explore the relevance of spatial dependence and marine park boundaries while estimating the distribution and habitat associations of the commercially and recreationally important snapper species Chrysophrys auratus in Moreton Bay Marine Park during a period when new Marine National Parks zoned as no-take or ""green"" areas (i.e., areas with no legal fishing) were introduced. BUV studies typically enforce a minimum distance among BUV sites, and then assume that observations from different sites are independent conditional on the measured covariates. In this study, we additionally incorporated the spatial dependence among BUV sites into the modelling framework. This modelling approach allowed us to test whether or not the incorporation of highly correlated environmental covariates or the geographic placement of BUV sites produced spatial dependence, which if unaccounted for could lead to model bias. We fitted Bayesian logistic models with and without spatial random effects to determine if the Marine National Park boundaries and available environmental covariates had an effect on snapper presence and habitat preference. Adding the spatial dependence component had little effect on the resulting model parameter estimates that emphasized positive association for particular coastal habitat types by snapper. Strong positive relationships between the presence of snapper and rock habitat, particularly rocky substrate composed of indurated freshwater sediments known as coffee rock, and kelp habitat reinforce the consideration of habitat availability in marine reserve design and the design of any associated monitoring programs."
"AB Differential findings have been reported on the association between neighborhood greenness and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). The underlying reasons might be the different types of vegetation and the diagnosis methods used in different studies. In this nationwide cross-sectional study in China, we examined the linkage between neighborhood greenness and COPD prevalence among 66,752 adults aged 40 years and above. Neighborhood greenness was estimated using the normalized difference vegetation index (NDVI) based on satellite imagery within buffers of 100, 300, 500, 1000, 2000, 3000 and 5000 m of residential community of the participants. COPD was defined according to the 2017 Global Initiative for Chronic Obstructive Lung Disease lung function criteria. A two-level logistic regression model was applied to estimate the associations. Finally, 9134 adults were classified as COPD. We observed significant positive associations between neighborhood greenness and COPD prevalence. The odds ratio for each interquartile range increase in NDVI within 100 m buffer was 1.08 (95% CI: 1.01, 1.15) after adjustment for potential confounders. Consistent associations were observed across all other NDVI buffer sizes. Stratified analyses revealed that younger adults (40-65 years) and urban residents might be the vulnerable subpopulations. Further regional analyses found that residents from the Northeastern and Northern China were more likely to have this association. Our results indicated that neighborhood greenness might be one risk factor of COPD prevalence. Our study have important public health implications for allocating the surrounding green spaces among living areas, especially for those with respiratory illness; however, the findings and the underlying mechanisms warrant further examinations in longitudinal settings."
"AB Background/Objectives: This study examined whether beliefs about medicines, drug attitudes, and depression independently predicted anticoagulant and antiarrhythmic adherence (focusing on the implementation phase of nonadherence) in patients with atrial fibrillation (AF). Methods: This cross-sectional study was part of a larger longitudinal study. Patients with AF (N = 118) completed the Patient Health Questionnaire-8. The Beliefs about Medicines Questionnaire, Drug Attitude Inventory, and Morisky-Green-Levine Medication Adherence Scale (self-report adherence measure), related to anticoagulants and antiarrhythmics, were also completed. Correlation and multiple logistic regression analyses were conducted. Results: There were no significant differences in nonadherence to anticoagulants or antiarrhythmics. Greater concerns (r= 0.23,P= .01) were significantly, positively associated with anticoagulant nonadherence only. Depression and drug attitudes were not significantly associated with anticoagulant/antiarrhythmic adherence. Predictors reliably distinguished adherers and nonadherers to anticoagulant medication in the regression model, explaining 14% of the variance, but only concern beliefs (odds ratio, 1.20) made a significant independent contribution to prediction (chi(2)= 11.40,P= .02, withdf= 4). When entered independently into a regression model, concerns (odds ratio, 1.24) significantly explained 10.3% of the variance (chi(2)= 7.97,P= .01, withdf= 1). Regressions were not significant for antiarrhythmic medication (P= .30). Conclusions: Specifying medication type is important when examining nonadherence in chronic conditions. Concerns about anticoagulants, rather than depression, were significantly associated with nonadherence to anticoagulants but not antiarrhythmics. Anticoagulant concerns should be targeted at AF clinics, with an aim to reduce nonadherence and potentially modifiable adverse outcomes such as stroke."
"AB This study examined associations of home food availabilities with prediabetes and diabetes among 8929 adults (20-70 years) participating in 2007-2010 National Health and Nutrition Examination Surveys. Odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (95% CIs) were estimated by logistic regression. Relative to non-diabetic participants (individuals without diabetes or prediabetes), prediabetes participants were associated with lower availabilities of green vegetables (OR = 0.82; 95% CI = 0.73-0.91;p= 0.0006) and fat-free/low-fat milk (OR = 0.80, 95% CI = 0.65-0.89;p= 0.001) and higher sugary drink availability (OR = 1.24, 95% CI = 1.04-1.48;p= 0.02), adjusting for age, sex, and ethnicity (Model 1). The associations remained significant for vegetables (p= 0.005) and fat-free/low-fat milk (p= 0.02) adjusting for additional confounders (body mass index, education, Model 2). Adjusting for dietary components did not change the above results (in model 2) significantly. Participants with high healthy food availability scores had approximately 31% reduction (p =0.003) in odds of prediabetes compared to those with low scores in Model 1. No associations were detected for diabetes except for fat-free/low-fat milk availability, for which an inverse association was observed in Model 1 (OR = 0.80, 95% CI = 0.65-0.99;p= 0.04). The results show prediabetes participants had lower availability of healthy foods and higher availability of unhealthy foods, suggesting the need to improve healthy food availability at home for this population."
AB Background: This study aimed to evaluate the risk factors associated with the development of urolithiasis in a population in Southern China.
"AB The interaction between pedestrians and right-turning vehicles at a signalized intersection is a usual scenario in urban locations in which both have to share a common space on the road. Due to the rapid growth of vehicular traffic in developing countries such as India, pedestrian-vehicle conflicts are increasing tremendously. This study evaluated pedestrian safety by examining the interaction between pedestrians and right-turning traffic (left-hand driving) at signalized intersections using the traffic conflict technique. Five time-based conflict indicators, namely postencroachment time (PET), time to vehicle (TTV), deceleration to safety time of pedestrians (DSTped), time to accident (TTA), and deceleration to safety time of vehicles (DSTveh) were used to analyze the conflict situation. Four signalized intersections were selected in two cities (Kolkata and New Delhi) of India. For every possible conflict situation, PET, TTV, DSTped, TTA, and DSTveh were estimated and the severity of conflicts was identified based on pedestrian demography and their crossing behavior. The k-means clustering technique was used to classify the conflict indicators into four levels of severity. Silhouette plots were developed to validate the clusters. A binary logistic regression model was developed to identify significant contributing factors to the risk-taking behavior of pedestrians. The model's results showed that pedestrians' age, gender, waiting time, and speed; type of crossing; pedestrian with company; the occurrence of conflicts in different quarters of the green interval; and right-turning vehicle volume have a significant effect on the risk-taking behavior of pedestrians. The findings of this study may help to identify various factors that affect pedestrian-vehicle conflicts at signalized intersections."
"AB This study analyzes the determinant factors of eco-innovation, considering business units with different levels of technological intensity (high technology versus low technology). It aims, in the first instance, to complement the approach on the determinants of eco-innovation in the existent literature by incorporating the novelty related to the analysis of the effects arising from the adoption of the lean management principles. Specifically, it aims to analyze the effects of the previously referred to determinant factors both on the economic performance and on the innovative performance of Portuguese industrial and service companies with different levels of technological intensity (high-tech versus low-tech). The conceptual model presented is of an innovative nature, since it includes four groups of determinant factors present in the literature, namely technology, market, public policies, and cooperation relationships, and adds a fifth group of determinant factors still to be explored empirically concerning the adoption of lean management principles. In the empirical approach, five research hypotheses arising from the literature review are tested, using secondary data collected from the Community Innovation Survey (CIS)CIS 2010 for a total sample of 334 companies, made up of 95 high-tech companies and 239 low-tech companies. The conceptual model is tested using a logistic regression method, which indicated a suitable accuracy and reliability for the purposes of empirical tests. The empirical evidence confirms that most of the groups of determinants previously identified in the literature have a significant influence on eco-innovation. In addition, the empirical evidence obtained here indicates a positive and significant effect of lean management principles on eco-innovation."
"AB The bullwhip effect, or how uncertainty associated with the end customers' demand propagates through the entire supply chain, has been widely discussed in supply-chain management literature. Although there is a well-established research stream on the causes and mitigating factors for the bullwhip effect in forward supply chains, few studies have investigated how this phenomenon manifests itself in closed loop supply chains. We argue that this phenomenon can affect the supply chain's environmental performance by increasing emissions, waste and consumption of natural resources. Aiming at filling this theoretical gap, this article compares the causes and mitigating factors of the bullwhip effect in forward supply chains and closed-loop supply chains. To this end, we employ a systematic literature review that combines bibliometric and content analyses. The studies examined in our review indicate that the causes of the bullwhip effect in closed-loop supply chains are similar to those in forward supply chains. However, most of the studies have not considered that the quality of returned products are different from the quality of their new counterparts' products, adding another variable into the complexity of a given supply chain which, in turn, could lead to higher variability, thereby causing the bullwhip effect. Regarding mitigation, we found that the primary mitigating factor is related to increasing the product return rate. Moreover, we suggest that closing a supply chain can reduce the bullwhip effect, which could lead to positive impacts in the environmental performance of supply chains. (C) 2018 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Many fruit recognition approaches today are designed to classify different type of fruits but there is little effort being done for content-based fruit recognition specifically focuses on durian species. Durian, known as the king of tropical fruits, have few similar characteristics between different species where the skin have almost the same colour from green to yellowish brown with just slightly different shape and pattern of thorns. Therefore, it is hard to differentiate them with the current methods. It would be valuable to have an automated content-based recognition framework that can automatically represent and recognise a durian species given a durian image as the input. Therefore, this work aims to contribute to a new representation method based on multiple features for effective durian recognition. Two features based on shape and texture is considered in this work. Simple shape signatures which include area, perimeter, and circularity are used to determine the shape of the fruit durian and its base while the texture of the fruit is constructed based on Local Binary Pattern. We extracted these features from 240 durian images and trained this proposed method using few classifiers. Based on 10-fold cross validation, it is found that Logistic Regression, Gaussian Naive Bayesian, and Linear Discriminant Analysis classifiers performed equally well with 100% achievement of accuracy, precision, recall, and F1-score. We further tested the proposed algorithm on larger dataset which consisted of 42337 fruit images (64 various categories). Experimental results based on larger and more general dataset have shown that the proposed multiple features trained on Linear Discriminant Analysis classifier able to achieve 72.38% accuracy, 73% precision, 72% recall, and 72% F1-score."
"AB The knowledge related to the fate of probiotics in the complex environment of the intestinal microbiota in broilers is just beginning to be elucidated; however, it is not yet well understood. A good method to investigate the mechanisms by which probiotics mediate their effects is to mark probiotic bacteria and trace them. The aim of this research was to develop a new method to estimate in vivo fluorescein isothiocyanate (FITC)-labelled Lactobacillus salivarius DSPV 001P counts during passage through the gastrointestinal tract (GIT) of broilers. Forty-five, 1 d old Cobb broilers were used in this trial. Programmed necropsies were performed 30 min, 6 h, and 12 h after the administration of the probiotic bacterium, and samples of liver, crop, duodenum, caecum, and bursa of fabricius were collected. To determine the spatial and temporal transit of L. salivarius DSPV 001P in broilers, the number of bacteria as well as its respective fluorescent signal produced by FITC were measured. In order to observe the relationship between the variables, a logistic regression analysis was applied. The amount of fluorescence could be used as an indicator of fluorescent probiotic bacteria in the crop and duodenum 30 min after probiotic bacterium supplementation. In addition, the fluorescent signal could be used to estimate bacterial counts in caecum 6 and 12 h after L. salivarius DSPV 001P administration. To the best of our knowledge, this research is the first in vivo trial to employ the bacterial FITC-labelling technique in order to enumerate probiotic bacteria during gastrointestinal transit in broilers."
"AB Colombia is an endemic country for dengue fever where the four serotypes of virus dengue (DENV1-4) circulate simultaneously, and all types are responsible for dengue cases in the country. The control strategies are guided by entomological surveillance. However, heterogeneity in aedic indices is not well correlated with the incidence of the disease in cities such as Riohacha, Bello and Villavicencio. As an alternative, molecular detection of dengue virus in mosquitoes has been proposed as a useful tool for epidemiological surveillance and identification of serotypes circulating in field. We conducted a spatiotemporal fieldwork in these cities to capture adult mosquitoes to assess vector infection and explain the differences between Breteau indices and disease incidence. DENV infection in females and DENV serotype identification were evaluated and infection rates (IR) were estimated. The relationship between density, dengue cases and vector index was also estimated with logistic regression modeling and Pearson's correlation coefficient. The lack of association between aedic indices and dengue incidence is in agreement with the weak associations between the density of the mosquitoes and their infection with DENV in the three cities. However, association was evident between the IR and dengue cases in Villavicencio. Furthermore, we found important negative associations between temperature and lag time from two to six weeks in Riohacha. We conclude that density of mosquitoes is not a good predictor of dengue cases. Instead, IR and temperature might explain better such heterogeneity."
"AB Background There is growing evidence of the potential properties of nitrate-rich foods against development of hypertension (HTN) and vascular disease. In this study, we investigated the association of nitrate-containing vegetables (NCVs) with risk of HTN after 3 years of follow-up."
"AB Agriculture runoffs and discharge of wastewaters are the major causes of eutrophication. Although eutrophication could promote the thriving of any phytoplankter, harmful algal blooms (HABs) are dominated frequently by cyanobacteria. Currently, HABs dominated by the toxigenic cyanobacterium Microcystis aeruginosa in lakes and reservoirs are the main environmental concerns worldwide. This study aimed to determine how M. aeruginosa (Ma) modifies the population growth of Pseudokirchneriella subcapitata (Ps) and Ankistrodesmus falcatus (Af). Growth kinetics were determined for each species and in the combinations: Ps-Ma, Af-Ma, Af-Ps, and Ps-Af-Ma. At the end of experiments, photosynthetic pigments, phycobiliproteins, and microcystins were quantified. A logistic equation significantly described the growth trend for all of the tested species, enabling the identification of negative effects on early stages in the population growth of co-cultures with the cyanobacterium; in addition, the interaction effects on the growth rate and in the maximum attainable population density were determined. The biomasses of A. falcatus and P. subcapitata were significantly higher when cultured individually than in all of the combinations with the cyanobacterium. The concentrations of chlorophyll a and b, as well as carotenoids, were lower in combined cultures, but phycobiliprotein content in the cultures with M. aeruginosa was not significantly affected. Microcystis aeruginosa negatively affected the growth of the microalgae, but A. falcatus was significantly more inhibited than P. subcapitata; however, microcystin concentrations were significantly reduced in the co-cultures with microalgae. These results could help to explain the displacements of microalgae when cyanobacteria are present, giving rise to cyanobacterial blooms in eutrophic freshwaters."
"AB Satellite remote sensing is a widely accessible tool to investigate the spatiotemporal variations in the bud phenology of evergreen species, which show limited seasonal changes in canopy greenness. However, there is a need for precise and compatible data to compare remote sensing time series with field observations. In this study, fortnightly MODIS-NDVI was fitted using double-logistic functions and calibrated using ordinal logit models with the sequential phases of bud phenology collected during 2015, 2017 and 2018 in a black spruce stand. Bud break and bud set were spatialized for the period 2009-2018 across 5000 stands in Quebec, Canada. The first phase of bud break and the last phase of bud set were observed in the field in mid-May and at the beginning of September, when NDVI was 80.5% and 92.2% of its maximum amplitude, respectively. The NDVI rate of change was estimated at 0.07 in spring and 0.04 in autumn. When spatialized on the black spruce stands, bud break was detected earlier in the southwestern regions (April-May), and later in the northeastern regions (mid to end of June). No clear trend was observed for bud set, with different patterns being detected among the years. Overall, the process bud break and bud set lasted 51 and 87 days, respectively. Our results demonstrate the potential of satellite remote sensing for providing reliable timings of bud phenological events using calibrated NDVI time series on wide regions that are remote or with limited access."
"AB Cancer is a major public health burden both globally and in China. The most common cancer-related deaths in China are attributable to cancers of the lung, liver, stomach, and esophagus. Previous epidemiologic studies on cancer in China have often been limited by small sample sizes, inconsistent measurements, and lack of precise and accurate data. The Jiangsu Four Cancers (JFC) Study is a population-based case-control study carried out in an effort to obtain consistent and high-quality data to investigate the life style, behavioral, environmental, and genetic factors associated with the four major cancers in China. The aim of this paper is to describe the overall design of the JFC Study and report selected findings on the major risk factors for cancers. Epidemiologic data were collected from 2003 to 2010 through in-person interviews using a structured questionnaire and blood samples were drawn. Unconditional logistic regression was used to estimate the associations of putative risk factors with risks of cancers of the lung, liver, stomach, and esophagus. The study included 2871 lung cancer cases, 2018 liver cancer cases, 2969 esophageal cancer cases, 2216 stomach cancer cases, and 8019 community controls. Low educational level, low income level, tobacco smoking, alcohol drinking, and family history of cancer were confirmed as risk factors for these major cancers. The JFC Study is one of the largest case-control studies of cancers in the Chinese population and will serve as a rich resource for future research on the four major cancers in China. Copyright (C) 2017 Wolters Kluwer Health, Inc. All rights reserved."
AB Study design: This is a cross-sectional study.
"AB Nowadays, many organizations are trying to balance the social, environmental, and economic aspects of their supply chains to gain competitive advantages against their rivals and have a sustainable supply chain. Steel is one of the most critical raw materials practically used in every aspect of our life, directly or indirectly influencing the industry and economy of a country. The final products of the steel industry can be reused at the end of their lifecycle, making the principles of reverse logistics applicable in the supply chain and turning it to a closed-loop supply chain. In this research, a multi-objective linear mathematical model under uncertainty is developed to optimize a steel sustainable closed-loop supply chain. The existed uncertainty is modeled through a scenario-based method in the stochastic environment, and the proposed multi-objective model is developed following a fuzzy goal programming approach. A real case study is explored in one of the active steel supply chains in Iran to validate the model. The model optimizes total profit, energy, and water consumption, CO2 emission, job opportunity created, and lost working days through determining optimal production technology, whether retailers get changed to hybrid centers or not, and the flow of material and products. The final results show that a mere 1% decrease in the profit can alleviate the harmful environmental effects by 5%. Finally, several managerial implications derived from final results and sensitivity analysis are discussed to provide insights for industry leaders who desire to increase their profits with regard to environmental and social effects. (C) 2020 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB The study of ancient DNA (aDNA) from sediments (sedaDNA) offers great potential for paleoclimate interpretation, and has recently been applied as a tool to characterise past marine life and environments from deep ocean sediments over geological timescales. Using sedaDNA, palaeo-communities have been detected, including prokaryotes and eukaryotes that do not fossilise, thereby revolutionising the scope of marine micro palaeontological research. However, many studies to date have not reported on the measures taken to prove the authenticity of sedaDNA-derived data from which conclusions are drawn. aDNA is highly fragmented and degraded and extremely sensitive to contamination by non-target environmental DNA. Contamination risks are particularly high on research vessels, drilling ships and platforms, where logistics and facilities do not yet allow for sterile sediment coring, and due consideration needs to be given to sample processing and analysis following aDNA guidelines. This review clarifies the use of aDNA terminology, discusses common pitfalls and highlights the urgency behind adopting new standards for marine sedaDNA research, with a focus on sampling optimisation to facilitate the incorporation of routine sedaDNA research into International Ocean Discovery Program (IODP) operations. Currently available installations aboard drilling ships and platforms are reviewed, improvements suggested, analytical approaches detailed, and the controls and documentation necessary to support the authenticity of aDNA retrieved from deep-sea sediment cores is outlined. Beyond practical considerations, concepts relevant to the study of past marine biodiversity based on sedaDNA, and the applicability of the new guidelines to the study of other contamination-susceptible environments (permafrost and outer space) are discussed."
"AB One of the goals in adopting more sustainable agricultural practices is to reduce green-house-gas emissions from current practices by replacing fossil-fuel-based heavy machinery with lighter, electrical ones. In a not-so-distant scenario where a single farmer owns a fleet of small electrical tractors/robots that can operate in an autonomous/semi-autonomous manner, this will bring along some logistic challenges. It will be highly impractical that the farmer follows each time a given vehicle moves to the charging point to manually charge it. We present in this paper the design and implementation of an autonomous charging station to be used for that purpose. The charging station is a combination of a holonomic mobile platform and a collaborative robotic arm. Vision-based navigation and detection are used in order to plug the power cable from the wall-plug to the vehicle and back to the wall-plug again when the vehicle has recharged its batteries or reached the required level to pursue its tasks in the field. A decision-tree-based scheme is used in order to define the necessary pick, navigate, and plug sequences to fulfill the charging task. Communication between the autonomous charging station and the vehicle is established in order to make the whole process completely autonomous without any manual intervention. We present in this paper the charging station, the docking mechanism, communication scheme, and the deployed algorithms to achieve the autonomous charging process for agricultural electrical vehicles. We also present real experiments performed using the developed platform on an electrical robot-tractor."
"AB The analysis of historical changes, exploration of driving forces, and understanding of future changes in ecological land can provide a scientific basis for sustainable development in rapidly urbanizing areas. In this paper, with the support of GIS spatial analysis, the landscape index, the Moran's index and multiple logistic regression models, we constructed an integrated ecological land analysis framework, which included historical trajectories, driving factors and future simulation projections. A comprehensive analysis was carried out in the case city of Guangzhou, China, and the results showed the following: (1) In the past 25 years, the ecological land of Guangzhou has shown a decreasing trend, with its area decreasing by 59.7 km(2). Dramatic changes occurred between 2000 and 2010. (2) The quality of the urban ecological environment has two opposite trends at the same time: improvement and degeneration. The agglomeration of ecological land is weakened, heterogeneity is enhanced, and the diversity and uniformity of landscape are slightly reduced. (3) Altitude, GDP per unit area, and distance to the nearest road were the main driving factors for ecological land changes. To alleviate the pressure of urban expansion on ecological land, the downtown, Huangpu and Nansha districts must pay more attention to improving the level of intensive land use in the future. The study results have reference value for the Department of Guangzhou Urban Planning and offer an analysis framework for similar studies. (c) 2020 The Authors. Published by Elsevier Ltd."
"AB Gundrukis a fermented green leafy vegetable product prepared from fresh leaves of local vegetables calledRayo-sag(Brassica campestris), mustard (Brassica juncea), and cauliflower(Brassica oleracea)indigenous to the Nepali people. Freshgundruk wasprepared in a glass jar by fermenting theBrassica juncealeaves anaerobically for 16 days and the changes in biomass, lactic acid, and pH were evaluated after every 24 hr. The viable cell count increased from 6.03 x 10(4) cfu/g to 9.55 x 10(8) cfu/g after 3 days and then decreased gradually to remain constant after 8 days with 6.31 x 10(7) cfu/g until the end of fermentation. The lactic acid increased by about 12.58 times in 12 days and remained constant for the rest of the fermentation period. Unlike this, pH decreased from 6.59 to 3.71 on the 9th day of fermentation and then increased slightly till the last day of fermentation. The data obtained were fitted to two most widely accepted microbial growth models: Modified Gompertz, and Logistic model and three well-known lactic acid production models: Luedeking- Piret, Monteagudo et al., and Balannec et al. model for lactic acid fermentation. Based on nonlinear regression analysis, Modified Gompertz, and Monteagudo et al. model gave a better fit to describe microbial growth and lactic acid production, respectively. The growth-associated and non-growth-associated coefficients were determined to be 0.1104 and 0.0042, respectively, using Monteagudo et al. model. The findings revealed that lactic acid production ingundrukis a mixed type."
"AB With the explosive growth in the express delivery business, last-mile delivery issues have come to the forefront in China. Subway-based distribution has been demonstrated and practiced. The self-service mode of express cabinets in stations based on the subway distribution can effectively reduce the last-mile delivery costs, increase the utilization rate of public transportation resources, and reduce traffic congestion and carbon emissions. This paper designed self-service mode of express cabinets in stations and discussed the feasibility by investigating consumers' preferences. The consumers' preferences and influencing factors were examined by using the multicategorical logit model. The results show that consumers' gender, education level and number of online purchases per month have an impact on consumers' preferences. The majority of consumers are willing to actively engage in green consumer behavior. Meanwhile, consumers are more concerned about whether the express mode is convenient to conduct and the queuing of an express cabinet. Some suggestions and recommendations on promoting this self-service mode were put forward, such as pushing different advertisements for different groups of consumers, designing efficient and multi-function express cabinets, and adopting a reward system. This research provides guidance for decision making regarding the promotion of a new self-service mode based on the subway distribution, which can promote sustainable consumption and improve the efficient operation of urban last-mile delivery and the low-carbon development of urban transportation."
"AB Sustainable development in supply chain management (SCM) is challenging to implement, so various studies have sought to identify appropriate practices that eliminate barriers and challenges' effects on sustainable SCM (SSCM). To overcome previous investigations' limitations, the present research developed a multi-attribute decision-making (MADM) framework for prioritising SSCM practices, which was applied to an Iranian case. A careful, systematic review of previous studies extracted a comprehensive list of SSCM barriers and practices. To shorten the long list of barriers identified, the fuzzy Delphi and fuzzy decision-making trial and evaluation methods were used to reduce the decision criteria list. These two approaches are particularly appropriate because of the criteria's complex interactions. In addition, fuzzy sets are useful when dealing with uncertainties in decision-making processes and obtaining experts' opinions. With the selected experts' help, the extent of each practice's impact on barriers was measured. The practices were then ranked by order of priority using six fuzzy MADM methods. The implemented methods' weights were determined using the correlation coefficient and standard deviation (CCSD) approach in order to prioritise the practices for the final time. The proposed methodological framework combines different approaches' results and increases the findings' empirical robustness by applying the CCSD method, thereby eliminating previous studies' limitations. Results show that 'Lack of sustainable product and service promotion' (B18) and 'Weak social and society-related pressures' (B34) are the top priority barriers and 'Applying preventive and maintenance strategies to maximize equipment's effectiveness' (P5) and 'Implementing reverse logistics' (P3) have been identified as the most important SSCM practices."
"AB Embedded validity measures support comprehensive assessment of performance validity. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the accuracy of individual embedded measures and to reduce them to the most efficient combination. The sample included 212 postdeployment veterans (average age=35 years, average education=14 years). Thirty embedded measures were initially identified as predictors of Green's Word Memory Test (WMT) and were derived from the California Verbal Learning Test-Second Edition (CVLT-II), Conners' Continuous Performance Test-Second Edition (CPT-II), Trail Making Test, Stroop, Wisconsin Card Sorting Test-64, the Wechsler Adult Intelligence Scale-Third Edition Letter-Number Sequencing, Rey Complex Figure Test (RCFT), Brief Visuospatial Memory Test-Revised, and the Finger Tapping Test. Eight nonoverlapping measures with the highest area-under-the-curve (AUC) values were retained for entry into a logistic regression analysis. Embedded measure accuracy was also compared to cutoffs found in the existing literature. Twenty-one percent of the sample failed the WMT. Previously developed cutoffs for individual measures showed poor sensitivity (SN) in the current sample except for the CPT-II (Total Errors, SN=.41). The CVLT-II (Trials 1-5 Total) showed the best overall accuracy (AUC=.80). After redundant measures were statistically eliminated, the model included the RCFT (Recognition True Positives), CPT-II (Total Errors), and CVLT-II (Trials 1-5 Total) and increased overall accuracy compared with the CVLT-II alone (AUC=.87). The combination of just 3 measures from the CPT-II, CVLT-II, and RCFT was the most accurate/efficient in predicting WMT performance."
"AB The construction industry is faced with numerous challenges including low productivity, lack of research and development, and poor technology advancements. Advances in digital technologies such as digital twin (DT) has seen enormous utilisations in digitally advanced industries including the manufacturing and automotive industries. It presents an opportunity for the integration of the physical world to the digital world. DT technology has the potential to transform the construction industry and provide responses to some of its challenges. As a result, the concept of DT has attracted much attention and is developing at a rapid pace. The overarching aim of this study was to analyse the current state of DT applications in the construction industry. This study comprehensively reviews and analyses DT concept, technologies, and application in the construction industry using a systematic review methodology while incorporating the science mapping method. After a complete search of several databases and careful selection in line with the proposed criteria, 22 academic publications about DT application in the construction industry were identified and classified accordingly. The research analysed in detail the status, evolution of the concept, key technologies, and six areas of application in the lifecycle phases of a project: building information modeling, structural system integrity, facilities management, monitoring, logistics processes, and energy simulation. This research shows that there is a high potential for DT to enable solutions to the numerous challenges in the construction industry. Thus, this study raises the level of awareness and need for the application of DT in the construction industry."
"AB Spent livestock bedding is a valuable resource for the production of green energy (methane) in rural areas. Comparison and evaluation of batch anaerobic digestion and co-digestion of different mixtures of goat straw bedding (SGSB) and goat cheese whey were carried out. Biochemical methane potential (BMP) tests of the 100% SGSB, 95% SGSB-5% whey, 90% SGSB-10% whey, 85% SGSB-15% whey and 100% whey were found to be 423 +/- 7, 354 +/- 9, 371 +/- 2, 293 +/- 1, 274 +/- 2 mL CH4 g(-1) VS. Two different kinetic models were evaluated. The logistic model revealed a decrease in the maximum methane production rate (R-m) from 34.7 +/- 1.5 to 14.1 +/- 0.9 mL CH4 g(-1) VS.d(-1) when the percentage of whey in the mixture increased from 0 to 15% as a consequence of the increased ammonia released during the co-digestion of increased concentrations of whey. The lowest value for the maximum methane production predicted by the model (P) was found for 100% whey (274 +/- 10 mL CH4 g(-1) VS). A two-substrate model was applied to describe the evident existence of rapid and slowly degradable material. Regarding the hydrolysis kinetic constants predicted by this model, considerable increases in the rapid biodegradation stage (k(rapid)) were observed when comparing to the values found for the slow (k(slow)) biodegradation stage in all the cases tested. The increases between both constants rose from 5 to 42% when the percentage of whey increased."
AB Purpose To evaluate and compare the intrachoroidal structures of eyes with typical neovascular age-related macular degeneration (AMD) with those of eyes with polypoidal choroidal vasculopathy (PCV).
"AB The polycyclic phase of Stemphylium vesicarium is the key factor for the forecast and integrated control of purple spot on asparagus. The annual dynamics of airborne conidia were determined under field conditions by conidia traps. From 2013 to 2015, conidia became airborne at the earliest at mid-July, but the number trapped was considerably enhanced only after mid-August, early September. The cumulative percentage of trapped conidia was best described using a logistic function depending on the daily temperature sum (base 0 degrees C) accumulated only on days with >0.2mm of rainfall (R-2=.81). The germination of conidia was modelled by a generalized beta-modified Chapman Richards function, and the germ tube length was modelled by a generalized beta-power function. Conidia germinated in a wide temperature range, with an optimum at 23.3 degrees C, whereas germ tube length had a narrow nearly optimum temperature range around 28.7 degrees C, which indicates that infection by conidia is more restricted by germ tube growth than by germination. The effect of temperature on the number of lesions produced by two strains on green asparagus spears had the narrowest optimum range (optimum at 21.9 degrees C) of all parts of the polycyclic phase. In plant tissue, the spread of the fungus depends on the mycelium growth. The mycelium growth of the four strains, which was modelled with data from a petri dish experiment, had an optimum temperature at 24.7 degrees C."
"AB The aims of this study were to evaluate adherence of rheumatoid arthritis (RA) patients to biological disease-modifying antirheumatic drugs (bDMARDs), identify potential risk factors, and analyze the discriminative ability of the Morisky-Green test (MGT) to detect bDMARD nonadherence. One hundred and seventy-eight adult RA patients treated with bDMARDs were included. Adherence was measured using the medication possession ratio (MPR) of the previous 6 months. An MPR > 80% was considered good adherence. Patient demographics, clinical characteristics, and MGT scores were assessed through a standardized clinical interview at the cross-sectional date. One-hundred and twelve patients (63%) were taking subcutaneous bDMARDs, while 66 (37%) were taking intravenous drugs. One-hundred fifty-eight (88.8%) showed good adherence to bDMARDs, while 79 (61.2%) also correctly took concomitant conventional synthetic DMARDs (csDMARDs). In logistic regression models, nonadherence to bDMARDs was associated with higher disease activity [odds ratio (OR) 1.45; 95% CI, 1.03-2.03; p = 0.032] and subcutaneous route (OR 3.70; 95% CI 1.02-13.48; p = 0.040). MGT accurately identified an MPR > 80% of bDMARDs in 76.9% of the patients. A sensitivity of 78%, specificity of 70%, positive predictive value of 95.3%, negative predictive value of 28.5%, positive likelihood ratio (LR) of 2.6, and negative LR of 0.3% were obtained. Adherence may be good for bDMARDs but is low for csDMARDs. Low adherence for bDMARDs is associated with poorer disease control during the past 6 months and use of subcutaneous route. These findings should alert doctors to consider possible low adherence before declaring treatment failure."
"AB Understanding climate controls on spring phenology in grassland ecosystems is critically important in predicting the impacts of future climate change on grassland productivity and carbon storage. The third-generation Global Inventory Monitoring and Modeling System (GIMMS3g) normalized difference vegetation index (NDVI) data were applied to derive the start of the growing season (SOS) from 1982-2010 in grassland ecosystems of Ordos, a typical semi-arid area in China. Then, the conditional Granger causality method was utilized to quantify the directed functional connectivity between key climatic drivers and the SOS. The results show that the asymmetric Gaussian (AG) function is better in reducing noise of NDVI time series than the double logistic (DL) function within our study area. The southeastern Ordos has earlier occurrence and lower variability of the SOS, whereas the northwestern Ordos has later occurrence and higher variability of the SOS. The research also reveals that spring precipitation has stronger causal connectivity with the SOS than other climatic factors over different grassland ecosystem types. There is no statistically significant trend across the study area, while the similar pattern is observed for spring precipitation. Our study highlights the link of spring phenology with different grassland types, and the use of coupling remote sensing and econometric tools. With the dramatic increase in global change research, Granger causality method augurs well for further development and application of time-series modeling of complex social-ecological systems at the intersection of remote sensing and landscape changes."
"AB Urban development induced land transitions affect urban hydrology, resulting in increased flooding risks. Climate change-related precipitation changes are an added complexity to the flood risks of cities. This study examines the role of land use changes in determining the occurrence of urban flooding events across 42 Indian cities under current and future climate change scenarios. Landsat images for 1990, 2000, 2010, and 2017 have been processed using a hybrid classification technique to determine the land use shares for all cities. A typical event-count study using newspaper archives has been conducted to create a flooding event database. A multilevel model employing logistic mixed-effects approach was used. Future projections of the occurrence of flooding events for nine models under three climate change-related Representative Concentration Pathways (RCPs)-2.6, 4.5, and 8.5-and three urban development scenarios have been carried out. The results suggest that cities should preserve the land uses that act as a sponge-the green, open and blue spaces. As these spaces decrease, the projected flooding events increase. Under the RCP 2.6 scenario, the number of flooding events is significantly lower (95 % confidence) than under RCPs 4.5 and 8.5. The expected flooding occurrences between RCP4.5 and RCP8.5 are not significantly different (95 % confidence) for many scenarios, suggesting that Indian cities should aim for a world temperature increase of below 2 degrees C, or devastating consequences are imminent. This study highlights the need for Indian cities to undertake integrated spatial planning measures for a resilient, sustainable urban future."
"AB Purpose - This research examines factors that determine the improvement of the Russian supply chain sustainability. The strategic business model incorporates ecological, social and economic aspects."
"AB Public support is important to the success of natural areas restoration programs. Support can be especially critical in urban settings where stakeholders recreate in or reside near natural areas but may lack familiarity with practices for managing ecological processes. Surveys of on-site recreationists and nearby residents (N = 888) of 11 Chicago metropolitan natural areas were used to assess support for eight different practices commonly used in oak woodland restoration. Support generally ranged in relation to the level or intensity of management intervention, from more than 90% of the sample supporting the planting of native seeds and plants to just 32% supporting the use of herbicides to control undesired vegetation. On-site users and nearby residents who believed that a restoration practice was being used at the site they visited and/or lived near were much more likely to support the use of that practice than those who did not believe or did not know whether it was being used. These belief variables were the most important predictors in binary logistic regression models of restoration support, though gender (female) also significantly decreased the likelihood of supporting most high-intervention practices. Beyond these findings, results also suggest that support should be viewed as a multidimensional concept that involves perceptual, demographic, and structural components which often differ for different practices. Managers can use the information provided here to increase their understanding of the relative nature of restoration support and devise holistic social-ecological strategies to achieve restoration success. Published by Elsevier Ltd."
AB Purpose The purpose of this paper is to evaluate how service perceptions influence customer views of the authenticity of corporate sustainability claims. The goal of this paper is to help supply chain decision-makers better understand boundary conditions in order to design more enduring and impactful sustainability programs.
"AB Biomass power generation projects involve green and renewable energy. This study regards Laifa Straw Recycling Company of Henan Sheqi as an example. Field survey and economic analysis are employed as the main research methods. The problems of straw collection, storage, and transportation are examined. According to the data obtained from the investigation and the mathematical model, when the straw recycling company uses the artificial model, the average price of each ton of straw is 385.4 yuan; when the straw recycling company uses the mechanical model, the average price of each ton of straw is 264.4 yuan. Comparison of the mechanical and artificial models reveals that the average price of each ton of straw differs by 121 yuan. Under the assumption that the annual purchase amount of straw is 2 x 10(5) tons, the cost of 2.42 x 10(7) yuan per year can be saved. Thus, Laifa Straw Recycling Company of Henan Sheqi should consider the mechanical model. Sensitivity analysis of the two models shows that the collection cost is the most sensitive factor when the straw recycling company utilizes the artificial model because most farmers go out to work, so a shortage in rural labor force occurs; this shortage results in increased cost of artificial collection. When the straw recycling company utilizes the mechanical model, the cost of storage is the most sensitive factor because of the large storage amount. High current land leasing and management costs lead to increased storage cost. (c) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
AB To evaluate the confounding effects of passive smoking and COF exposure on association between tea and oral cancer in Chinese women.
"AB The field of Supply Chain Management (SCM) is experiencing rapid strides in the use of Industry 4.0 technologies and the conceptualization of new supply chain configurations for online retail, sustainable and green supply chains, and the Circular Economy. Thus, there is an increasing impetus to use simulation techniques such as discrete-event simulation, agent-based simulation, and hybrid simulation in the context of SCM. In conventional supply chain simulation, the underlying constituents of the system like manufacturing, distribution, retail, and logistics processes are often modelled and executed as a single model. Unlike this conventional approach, a distributed supply chain simulation (DSCS) enables the coordinated execution of simulation models using specialist software. To understand the current state-of-the-art of DSCS, this paper presents a methodological review and categorization of literature in DSCS using a framework-based approach. Through a study of over 130 articles, we report on the motivation for using DSCS, the modelling techniques, the underlying distributed computing technologies and middleware, its advantages and a future agenda, and also limitations and trade-offs that may be associated with this approach. The increasing adoption of technologies like Internet-of-Things and Cloud Computing will ensure the availability of both data and models for distributed decision-making, which is likely to enable data-driven DSCS of the future. This review aims to inform organizational stakeholders, simulation researchers and practitioners, distributed systems developers and software vendors, as to the current state-of-the art of DSCS, and which will inform the development of future DSCS using new applied computing approaches."
"AB With the enormous population growth and the ever-increasing use of various electronic devices in modern life, the proper disposal of the ""Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment"" (WEEE) has been of paramount importance. The pervasive use of social media by customers has made governments and businesses use these platforms as a rich source of data to extract intelligence on consumer opinions. However, some scholars doubt the sufficiency of social media data concerning the design of a comprehensive list containing all influential factors on consumer behavior toward the proper treatment of WEEE. Thus, a mixed method of quantitative (by analyzing about 2,500,000 tweets from Twitter) and qualitative approaches (i.e. a literature thematic analysis followed by a three-phased Delphi method) has been adopted. Due to consumers' different behavior based on their local status, the experts have been split into two different panels from developed and developing countries. They have also been provided with the findings from the literature along with the results from Twitter data analysis. The findings have revealed that economic incentives play a pivotal role in both categories. People in developing countries usually have concerns regarding socio-economic and socio-political issues, while in developed nations higher levels of influential factors exist, including proximity, suitability and ease of access, and so forth. The truth is that in order to have a green and pollution-free world, the whole world, whether developed or developing, must take joint steps to create public welfare, peace of mind and world peace. Otherwise, unilateral actions of countries will not have their desired effectiveness."
"AB Despite the growing awareness about Circular Economy (CE) in production and supply chain management, there is little evidence linking CE practices to environmental and economic performances, especially within the traditional wood furniture industry in Indonesia. As with other management practices, implementation of CE can be supported by various factors. Among these factors are the so-called environmental-oriented supply chain cooperation (ESCC) practices. The study reported in this paper has three purposes. First, to investigate how the different levels of ESCC practices will affect the CE practices across the traditional wooden furniture industry in Central Java, Indonesia; second, to investigate the relationship between varying ESCC practices (which is grouped based on the implementation of CE practices) on the CE-targeted performances; and third, to examine the role of ESCC practices as a moderating variable in the relationship between CE practices and CE-targeted performances. This study uses primary data which were collected through closed questionnaires to 190 valid samples of wooden furniture SMEs across the cities of Jepara, Kudus, Rembang, Semarang, Blora and Surakarta. The data were processed using confirmatory factor analysis (CFA), K-means clustering analysis, Multivariate Analysis of Variance (MANOVA) and regression analysis. The results indicated that, depending on the levels of ESCC practices, the SMEs could be grouped into leaders, followers and laggard, which also determined the extent to which they practised the CE principles. The study also elaborated on the interactions between ESCC and CE practices, and how these might affect the CE-targeted environmental and economic performances."
"AB In the present work, a novel statistical modelling approach was employed to develop tomato quality models based on their physicochemical and subjective quality changes during transportation and storage, and to predict the chances of tomato fruit marketability. Seven disinfection treatments, two storage environments and three transportation conditions were subjected to tomatoes of three maturities harvested in summer and winter seasons. A binary variable, based on fruit marketability, was used to predict the probability of tomato fruit marketability under various disinfection treatments, storage and transportation conditions. This approach is ideal for analysis due to the large number of experimental factors involved. The probability of fruit marketability was comparatively lower for tomatoes transported on rough roads, as compared to those transported on smoother roads. However, tomatoes transported on moderately rough roads that were furthest from the market had the lowest probability of marketability. Tomatoes harvested at the green maturity stage, transported on the shortest, smoothest road (designated by low International roughness index (IRI) values), stored under refrigerated environment and treated with anolyte water, combined with biocontrol, resulted in tomatoes with the highest probability of marketability. The hue angle (h), firnmess, pH and mass loss were good predictors of the probability of tomatoes marketability. The firmness and h, however, contributed heavily to the model's predictive ability. Humidifying ambient storage rooms during winter was also shown to be a critical operation that can potentially increase the probability of tomatoes marketability harvested during winter. The models that were developed can be used by tomato industry players to aid in the selection of appropriate fresh tomato supply conditions. (C) All Rights Reserved"
"AB Potato taste defect is a potato-like smell found in green and roasted coffee beans. Potato taste defect reduces the flavor experience of finished coffee and causes it to be rejected by consumers. The presence of potato taste defect has been associated with insect damage, especially damage from the Antestia bug, Antestiopsis thunbergii (Gremlin) (Hemiptera: Pentatomidae). A 2-yr study was conducted to evaluate the effectiveness of integrated pest management using pruning alone or in combination with several commercially available insecticides to control a field population of Antestia bug and to assess the relationship between these treatments and the occurrence of potato taste defect in coffee using laboratory and field tests. Field trials were conducted in 3 major coffee growing regions of Rwanda: Rubona, Gakenke, and Kirehe. In laboratory bioassays, significant differences were found between insecticides on the percentage mortality of adult bugs. The percent mortality was higher for pyrethroid, Fastac (Alpha-cypermethrin), and pyrethrins (Pyrethrum SEW, Pyrethrum EWC + Sesame and Agroblaster) than for the neonicotinoid, imidacloprid. Mortality from imidacloprid increased over time, providing a lower mortality than Pyrethrum SEW and Agroblaster 12 h post-treatment. In the field, the highest mean mortality was achieved with Pyrethrum SEW, Fastac, and Pyrethrum EWC applied to pruned coffee trees. Additionally, pruning alone registered a statistically higher mean insect mortality than unpruned coffee trees without insecticides application. Multiple logistic regression analysis indicated that potato taste defect was positively associated with the bug density and the extent of damage caused by Antestia bug. The study suggests that pruning combined with insecticide application, especially Fastac, provides better control of Antestia bug and significantly reduces potato taste defect compared to either pruning or insecticide application alone."
AB Objective: We explored the association of 3-year adherence to a dietary pattern based on nutrients that may be related to mood with the development of depressive symptoms in Japanese employees.
"AB The urban heat island (UHI) effect is an important issue in urban planning. In this study, the framework of the land surface temperature (LST) and UHIindex for urban development land (UDL) based on urban planning in China was proposed to examine the spatiotemporal evolution of the LST and the UHIindex for the whole city as well as the LST and the UHIindex of UDL at four node stages (1995, 2003, 2014 and 2019), reflecting the process of urbanization. The results demonstrate that the UHIindex showed an overall trend of first decreasing and then increasing in the process of urbanization over 2 decades. The UHI is characterized by the evolution of spatial distribution from a local point-like aggregation (1995) to a linear expansion along the urban construction land (2003), then to patchy areas tending towards overall homogeneous coverage gradually expanding (2019). The LST increased yearly, but the UHIindex first decreased and then increased, while the average UHIindex and the LST of UDL in the overall relationship maintained good consistency each year. The industrial and logistics concentration area with railway marshalling yard as the core area is the most important patch to maintain the urban thermal pattern. The results provide a quantitative basis for the thermal environmental planning of UDL and a reference for research on UHI under different land planning and management systems in other countries and regions of the world."
"AB Serological methods serve as a direct or indirect means of pathogen infection diagnosis in plant and animal species, including humans. Dot-ELISA (DE) is an inexpensive and sensitive, solid-state version of the microplate enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay, with a broad range of applications in epidemiology. Yet, its applicability is limited by uncertainties in the qualitative output of the assay due to overlapping dot colorations of positive and negative samples, stemming mainly from the inherent color discrimination thresholds of the human eye. Here, we report a novel approach for unambiguous DE output evaluation by applying machine learning-based pattern recognition of image pixels of the blot using an impartial predictive model rather than human judgment. Supervised machine learning was used to train a classifier algorithm through a built multivariate logistic regression model based on the RGB (""Red,"" ""Green,"" ""Blue"") pixel attributes of a scanned DE output of samples of known infection status to a model pathogen (Lettuce big-vein associated virus). Based on the trained and cross-validated algorithm, pixel probabilities of unknown samples could be predicted in scanned DE output images, which would then be reconstituted by pixels having probabilities above a cutoff. The cutoff may be selected at will to yield desirable false positive and false negative rates depending on the question at hand, thus allowing for proper dot classification of positive and negative samples and, hence, accurate diagnosis. Potential improvements and diagnostic applications of the proposed versatile method that translates unique pathogen antigens to the universal basic color language are discussed."
"AB As an important conduit of industrial development, industrial parks have contributed significantly to economic development, particularly through the construction of eco-industrial parks (EIPs). With the increase in the number and type of parks, industrial park recycling transformation (IPRT) has been pivotal in developing the circular economy concept at the regional level in China. Compared with EIPs, this study identifies the characteristics of IPRT as green, cyclic, efficient, shared, and sustainable. To effectively explore how to promote IPRT development, the concept of critical material flow with material flow analysis is introduced to trace materials that are critical to high consumption areas with significant environmental impacts. The paper also suggests that cleaner production audits of enterprises can provide a basis for critical material flow analysis. Analysis of critical material flow pathways can facilitate the establishment of reverse logistics, which is important for achieving closed-loop IPRT through imitation of natural ecosystem cycles. In addition, an information system and database management platform are required to support critical material flow analysis in IPRT. Using a case study of the Tianjin Economic-Technological Development Area, the findings reveal that IPRT can be promoted from enterprises at the micro-level to parks at the macro-level based on critical material flow analysis. These results provide a methodological and practical reference for improving the stability of the industrial symbiosis of EIPs and contribute to IPRT research. Moreover, an analytic framework is provided that demonstrates how to promote IPRT in practice."
"AB The Vietnamese Mekong River Delta emerged as a rice production giant in the 1990s. Currently, the Vietnamese government is attempting to reduce environmental impacts resulting from the triple annual rice crop regime. This article explores how gender influences farming practice adoption using household livelihood survey data from Tien Giang Province. Each farm is disaggregated into male-managed, female-managed, and jointly managed plots. The study uses correlation to explore how sustainable intensification (SI) and conventional intensification (CI) practices are applied in complementary packages, and then a binary logistic regression to determine if livelihood approaches within households influence adoption of farming practices. The study finds that CI practices are more than twice as popular as SI practices, and that CI and SI practices are adopted in pairs that complement each other. The research also shows that gendered plot management is directly associated with SI and CI practice adoption, including decreased fertilizer use (p < .0005) and increased pesticide use (p = .047) on male-managed plots; and decreased likelihood of using organic fertilizers or compost (p = .013) or adopting integrated pest management (p = .004) on female-managed plots. Across all SI and CI practices, there is a significant indirect gendered impact due to unequal access between the sexes to natural and human capitals that are associated with increased SI adoption, such as education and extension trainings. This research contributes empirical evidence toward understanding the tension between CI and SI practice adoption and uniquely explores the gendered implications of the recent SI push in Vietnamese agriculture."
"AB Background: The issue of managing sustainability in supply chain seems to be more and more complex. There are many aspects that need to be taken into consideration when planning, implementing and monitoring environmental and social conditions of supply chains. Despite many works, already published, on the concept of sustainable development (SD) is seems that the issue of assessment and especially the issue of maturity in the light of the SD concept is still not developed enough."
"AB Emerging strategies to respond to public awareness of the environment include carbon emission reporting and labelling. In Thailand, however, only a small proportion of manufacturers have implemented carbon footprint programmes, and some have decided not to continue the programme after their labels expired. This situation mirrors that of many developing countries. This study aims to investigate the factors that drive the implementation of the footprint programme and obstacles that may hinder its long-term implementation. Benefits gained from this programme are also explored. A questionnaire was sent to companies that were or have been certified for the Thai carbon footprint label. Interviews with experts were also conducted to supplement the survey data. According to the statistical analysis, companies expected the carbon footprint programme to enhance their green image, increase their sales and reduce costs. However, benefits derived only in terms of the company's image, employee development and satisfaction, and production costs returned, while no sales and marketing benefits were evident. The lack of social awareness of the label and of the climate change issue was the most significant challenge the implementers faced, as its rating scores were significantly higher than those of other barriers. Small companies also encountered difficulties due to the required initial investment. This study provides insight into the reasons many developing countries fail to pursue carbon labelling programmes. These issues have not yet been clarified by previous studies. The findings can help prospective companies overcome potential barriers and facilitate their strategic decision making. They can also help governments to develop appropriate policies to promote the carbon footprint label and enhance national sustainability."
"AB Business cannot escape the impact of climate change that is deteriorating day by day. Many organizations are becoming motivated more than ever to introduce new business models, modern technologies, and supportive policies with an effort to cope with critical issues connected to climate change. The present study has investigated the mediating effect of psychological safety on the relationship between sustainable leadership and sustainable performance as well as evaluating the moderation impact of psychological empowerment on that relationship. To date, the present research is the first attempt wherein the incorporation of psychological empowerment and psychological safety has redefined the association between sustainable leadership and sustainable performance. Using cluster sampling approach, the data for this research was collected from 405 SMEs from Kuala Lumpur (Malaysia), Jakarta (Indonesia), and Bandar Seri Begawan (Brunei Darussalam). Using structural equation modelling (variance-based), this study has analyzed proposed hypothesis. Hierarchical regression analysis (PROCESS Macro) in SPSS was employed to analyze the moderated-mediation impact of psychological empowerment. The empirical results confirm that sustainable leadership has a substantial impact on psychological safety. This study confirms that sustainable leadership has positive indirect effect on sustainable performance through psychological safety which amplifies in the presence of psychological empowerment. Establishment of a psychologically safe environment that encourages knowledge sharing and openness to speaking will improve sustainable performance in the presence of sustainable leadership. Therefore, the development of practices that promote psychological empowerment among employees is essential. This study broadens our understanding of sustainable performance toward sustainable leaders, its underlying mechanism and conditional effect, making contribution to the psychology of honeybee leadership. (C) 2020 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB The boreal forest is one of the North America's most important breeding areas for ducks, but information about the nesting ecology of ducks in the region is limited. We collected microhabitat data related to vegetation structure and composition at 157 duck nests and paired random locations in Alberta's boreal forest region from 2016 to 2018. We identified fine-scale vegetation features selected by ducks for all nests, between nesting guilds, and among five species using conditional logistic regression. Ducks in the boreal forest selected nest sites with greater overhead and graminoid cover, but less forb cover than random sites. Characteristics of the nest sites of upland- and overwater-nesting guilds differed, with species nesting in upland habitat selecting nests that provided greater shrub cover and less lateral concealment and species nesting over water selecting nests with less shrub cover. We examined the characteristics of nest sites of American Wigeon (Mareca americana), Blue-winged Teal (Spatula discors), Green-winged Teal (Anas crecca), Mallards (Anas platyrhynchos), and Ring-necked Ducks (Aythya collaris), and found differences among species that may facilitate species coexistence at a regional scale. Our results suggest that females of species nesting in upland habitat selected nest sites that optimized concealment from aerial predators while also allowing detection of and escape from terrestrial predators. Consequently, alteration in the composition and heterogeneity of vegetation and predator communities caused by climate change and industrial development in the boreal forest of Canada may affect the nest-site selection strategies of boreal ducks."
"AB Based on an analysis of 253 related papers drawn from the Web of Science database, this study examines holistic sustainability research in liner shipping management literature using a citation network analysis (CNA) approach followed by a qualitative analysis of findings. We identify four major research domains, namely shipping performance, port selection and management, shipping markets, and environment, as well as related sub-domains of shipping performance. We discuss the current research trends and focal issues in these domains with a focus on their implications for policy development. Our results indicate that while the sustainability discourse in the literature has developed and matured significantly over the last decade, generating valuable insights for practitioners and regulators alike, it still struggles with blurry terminology and a lack of holistic frameworks jointly addressing the different aspects of sustainability: Economic considerations of liner shipping are still the main concern, while environmental and social issues are less regarded in the academic discourse. Furthermore, we identify a dearth of studies rooted in managerial or economic theory. In this regard, our study provides insights on the scope of the holistic sustainability discourse in liner shipping management, its contributions to theory and practice, and its implications for the further development of policies addressing sustainability in liner shipping management. We advocate further construct development for sustainability in liner shipping, as well as empirical tests of the antecedents of sustainability practice adoption in the industry for future research."
"AB Voluntary environmental certifications can be considered as firms' strategic responses to institutional market and non-market pressures to reduce the impact of business activities on natural environment, and also as a means to legitimate the firm in the eyes of the society and the stakeholders in general, by fitting environmental behaviour to competitive dynamics and strategic choices. Among these certifications, the ISO 14001 is considered as the most widespread environmental management system (EMS) certification. Nevertheless, ISO 14001 cannot disguise the fact that these certifications could be used as a symbolic environmental commitment. In our research, we examine the potential existence of symbolic corporate environmental certification phenomenon, as well as its key antecedents and consequences on firm performance. The proposed hypotheses are tested through a logistic regression and a multiple linear regression on a sample of 157 firms that belong to the Spanish metal production and transformation industry with 100 or more employees."
AB Background: Lower serum albumin levels and depression are common among HIV-infected persons. High serum albumin levels may provide protection against depression through its defensive role in inflammation and infection. We tested the hypothesis of an independent relationship between serum albumin levels and depressive symptoms in a cohort of HIV-infected persons.
"AB Purpose of the study: To analyze a representative sample of older individuals of Sao Paulo, Brazil, according to outdoor fallers, indoor fallers and non-fallers, and to identify biological and socioeconomic (individual and contextual) factors associated with the occurrence and place of falls."
"AB Environmental health studies have examined associations between context and health with individuals as statistical units. However, investigators have been unable to investigate momentary exposures, and such studies are often vulnerable to confounding from, for example, individual-level preferences. We present a Global Positioning System (GPS)-based methodology for segmenting individuals' observation periods into visits to places and trips, enabling novel life-segment investigations and case-crossover analysis for improved inferences. We analyzed relationships between built environments and walking in trips. Participants were tracked for 7 days with GPS receivers and accelerometers and surveyed with a Web-based mapping application about their transport modes during each trip (Residential Environment and Coronary Heart Disease (RECORD) GPS Study, France, 2012-2013; 6,313 trips made by 227 participants). Contextual factors were assessed around residences and the trips' origins and destinations. Conditional logistic regression modeling was used to estimate associations between environmental factors and walking or accelerometry-assessed steps taken in trips. In case-crossover analysis, the probability of walking during a trip was 1.37 (95% confidence interval: 1.23, 1.61) times higher when trip origin was in the fourth (vs. first) quartile of service density and 1.47 (95% confidence interval: 1.23, 1.68) times higher when trip destination was in the fourth (vs. first) quartile of service density. Green spaces at the origin and destination of trips were also associated with within-individual, trip-to-trip variations in walking. Our proposed approach using GPS and Web-based surveys enables novel life-segment epidemiologic investigations."
"AB Although physical activity is a key behavior targeted during the preconception period given its significant impact on pregnancy/birth outcomes and psychological well-being, few women meet national guidelines. While intrapersonal factors influencing physical activity among this population have been studied, community factors remain unexplored. The objective of this study was to examine community level predictors of physical activity among preconception women. Data from Add Health were limited to women (Wave III; age 18-28; n = 7,596) and excluded respondents who were pregnant, physically disabled, and missing data. The outcome variable was a parts per thousand yen5 instances of moderate-vigorous physical activity (MVPA) in 1 week. Community predictor variables included neighborhood-level structural and social determinants (e.g., socio-demographic composition; landscape diversity; urbanization; access to resources; crime; vehicle availability). Multilevel logistic regression modeling was used to estimate the odds of engaging in a parts per thousand yen5 instances of MVPA. Few women (26 %) reported a parts per thousand yen5 instances of MVPA in 1 week. Adjusted multilevel analysis revealed women in the preconception period were more likely to report high MVPA when living in communities with larger population densities (OR 1.34, 95 % CI 1.02-1.77) and median household income greater than $50,000 (OR 1.33, 95 % CI 1.06-1.66). Additionally, a significant inverse trend was found between high MVPA and proportion of the community without a high school diploma. Findings suggest that neighborhood composition may have an impact on preconception physical activity status. Implications include increased efforts targeting community conditions for facilitating physical activity; ultimately, improving health among women and subsequent offspring."
"AB With a compound annual growth rate of 5.69%, the modular construction market is forecasted to increase to a market value of $154.8 million by the end of 2023. Traditional stick-built construction and modular construction differ in many aspects including design, engineering, collaboration requirements, logistics, and others. Available research efforts tried to study and model the complex modular construction processes. However, they seemed to fall short in investigating modular construction processes in a comprehensive and holistic manner. In effect, the currently used decision-making models and processes for modular construction do not necessarily reflect the diverse and multiple interconnected and associated factors. This paper develops a comprehensive list of decision factors as well as determines future research needs for modular construction. As such, the authors (1) conducted a systematic literature review and analysis of modular construction studies that were conducted between 2009 and 2019, (2) highlighted the broad factors affecting decision-making in modular construction projects, and (3) utilized social network analysis (SNA) to quantitatively identify the literature gaps and strengths and create a roadmap for the factors that need further investigation. This paper identified 50 decision factors affecting the various modular construction operations in the construction industry. Consequently, it was revealed that there are some understudied decision factors, including those related to legal and regulatory considerations, material and construction waste management, green practices, as well as commissioning and testing. Further, it was shown that there is an explicit absence of the decision models and frameworks that simultaneously incorporate all the identified decision factors. Accordingly, this study provides a substantiated foundation for comprehensive decision-making processes for modular construction. (c) 2020 American Society of Civil Engineers."
"AB Moving towards sustainability implies a social challenge that entails urban planning and the environmental impact of the transport of waste management. Previous studies assume the use of a unique vehicle, but in this study; many levels of transportation are examined with different transportation methods at each level, allowing the use of greener and smaller transportation methods in urban centres. In this article, the comparison between the use of a unique vehicle and the use of a hierarchical structure for the collection and transportation is analyzed. In the first level of the transportation structure, the transportation method is, a human activity such as walking and carrying 10 kg, in the second level the transportation method was a bicycle carrying 100 kg and for the third and fourth levels the use of motorized vehicles carrying 1 and 10 tons of material. Results support the hierarchical structure with multiple levels and transportation methods to reduce energy consumption, over the most common use of a single level of transportation. The results show that population density has a significant association with reduced transport energy. Results also demonstrate that the loading ratio of each transportation method, the number of stops in each level and the energy spent per stop also affect the transport structure. To demonstrate the applicability of the proposed framework; this paper focuses on a real -life case study of the waste management system in Montreal, Canada. This approach provides insights for city planners or policy-makers regarding flow structures and methods to transportation."
AB Objective To assess general knowledge of diabetes and its determinants among adult men and women in a Japanese community.
AB Purpose
"AB Innovative, resource-efficient solutions and effective waste management systems capture value in business and contribute to sustainability. However, due to scattered waste management responsibilities in the vehicle industry and the orientation of operations management and lean tools, which mostly focus on lead-time and labour-time improvements, the requirement of a collaborative method to include material waste efficiency in operational development is identified. The main purpose of this research is to study how operations management and environmental management can be integrated on an operational level and include the waste management supply chain. Based on a literature review of environmental and operational improvement tools and principles, the gaps and needs in current practice were identified. A large case study implementing a waste flow mapping (WFM) method on a set of manufacturing sites revealed potentials in terms of reducing material losses and inefficiencies in the handling of materials and waste. Finally, the integrated WFM method was analysed with respect to the gaps and needs identified in the existing body of tools for operational and environmental improvement. The method combines lean manufacturing tools, such as value stream mapping with cleaner production and material flow cost accounting strategies. The empirical data showed that the WFM method is adequate for current state analysis of waste material efficiency potentials, especially when multiple organisations are involved. However, further development and specific methods are needed such as, for example, logistics inefficiencies, root cause analysis, implementation guidelines for best practice and systems for performance monitoring of actors. (C) 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Background: Neuromyelitis optica spectrum disorder (NMOSD) is an inflammatory autoimmune disease of the central nervous system. Serum albumin (SA) has antioxidant, immunomodulatory and anti-inflammatory effects. However, the roles of SA in NMOSD have not been studied. The current study aimed to clarify the association of SA with disease severity and prognosis in NMOSD patients."
"AB Background: The relationship between obesity and various chronic diseases is well documented. In Jordan, the prevalence of overweight (30.0%) and obesity (38.8%) among females is on the rise, encouraging many adults to rely on alternative health care methods to manage their weight."
"AB Lean and Sustainability Oriented Innovation both enhance competitiveness of small and medium enterprises (SMEs) in a sustainable way. Lean is efficiency focused, whereas Sustainability Oriented Innovation emphasizes on responsiveness. Although lean and sustainability oriented innovation have been separately researched, there is a gap in knowledge on the combined effect of lean and sustainability oriented innovation (SOI) on SMEs Supply Chain sustainability. SMEs have limited resources and face numerous competition. Therefore, their supply chain sustainability can only be achieved through most appropriate trade-off between economic, environment and social aspects of business. The purpose of this paper is to understand the combined effect of sustainability oriented innovation and lean practices, on supply chain sustainability performance of SMEs. The study uses a Data Envelopment Analysis (DEA) based framework and applies this to a group of SMEs within the Eastern part of India. Lean and sustainability oriented innovation are considered as input criteria, and economic, operational, environmental and social aspects are considered as output criteria of the proposed framework. DEA segregates inefficient SMEs and suggests at least a SME to benchmark. Subsequently, the study undertakes qualitative approach to suggest improvement measures for the inefficient SMEs. The results reveal that combined lean and SOI helps achieve SMEs' supply chain sustainability. The findings are useful for policy makers and Individual SMEs' owners and managers to undertake measures for improving sustainability. Theoretically this research contributes a DEA-based framework to study the effect of combined lean and SOI on sustainability that helps improving SMEs' sustainability performance."
"AB Humanitarian supply chains (HSCs) contribute significantly to achieving effective and rapid responses to natural and man-made disasters. Though humanitarian organizations have during the last decades made considerable efforts to improve the response to crises in terms of effectiveness and efficiency, HSCs are still faced with so many challenges, one of which is the incorporation of sustainability dimensions (economic, social and environmental) in the management of their supply chains. In the literature, some authors have highlighted that the planning and achievement of sustainability performance objectives in humanitarian operations is hindered by the lack of decision support systems (DSS). Therefore, this paper proposes a multi-objective Master Planning DSS for managing sustainable HSCs. This Master Planning DSS includes: (1) the definition of a set of metrics for measuring the performance of a sustainable HSC; (2) an algorithm to solve the multi-objective problem; and (3) a Master Planning mathematical model to support the tactical planning of the sustainable HSC. Using the information gathered from field research and the literature, an illustrative numerical example is presented to demonstrate the implementation and utility of the proposed DSS. The results show that the order in which the three sustainability dimensions (economic, social and environmental) are prioritized has some impact on the performance measures. Therefore, it is important to fix a tolerance that would enable to obtain an acceptable balance (trade-off) between the three sustainability objectives, in line with the prioritization choice of the decision maker."
"AB Agricultural innovations are important, especially as climatic conditions around the world have been subject to increasing change over the past decades. Through innovation, farmers can adapt to the changing conditions and secure their livelihoods. In Nepal, 75% of the population depends upon agriculture, which is impacted by climate change, migration, and feminisation. In this context, it is important to understand what drives a household to start agricultural innovation to increase its economic benefits and resilience in the face of multiple pressures. We sought a comprehensive understanding of these drivers by investigating the determinants of rural innovation, using macadamia and walnut trees as examples of novel, potentially commercialised cash crops. After conducting an in-depth household survey that divided farmers into those who cultivate nuts and those who do not, we analysed the socio-economic and cultural characteristics of each category using statistical tests and a multiple logistic regression. Our results show that the individual variables of ethnicity, wealth and years of experience with fruit trees correlate significantly with nut cultivation. The results of the multiple regression suggest that years of experience with tree cultivation and having an income through fruit trees most influence nut cultivation. Overall, we conclude that nut cultivation is an accepted and promising cash crop mostly grown by wealthier households, and that, for poor, landless, or female-headed households to benefit, alternative business models and new policies must be explored and developed. We further suggest that this is also true for other nut or other cash crop trees that have gained recent attention in Nepal such as almond, hazelnut, or pecan farming."
"AB The article presents selected aspects and analysis of risks for the process of acquiring electricity from biomass. International commitments forced an increase in the share of renewable sources in the national energy balance. Although in Poland in 2016 the share of renewable energy was around 13.4% and has been steadily growing for several years, it is lower than in other EU countries such as Austria or Denmark. Poland is encouraged to increase this share to 20% by 2021. In line with the EU's requirements in recent years, several biomass combustion installations for energy purposes have been launched in Poland, an example of which is ""Green Unit"" in Polaniec, which is the largest thermal boiler in the world fired completely with biomass. The development of renewable energy in Poland, however, faces smaller financial support than in other EU countries, hence the aspect of appropriate risk management in the process is extremely important. The article reviews selected risks associated with each stage of the process of acquiring electricity from biomass. Internal risks for a company dealing with biomass combustion as well as those related to biomass storage, generation and storage of hazardous waste or technological risks that may even lead to the immobilization of the fluidized boiler are discussed. This paper also presents external risks (which the company has no direct influence on) such as weather risk, logistics risk related to the supply of raw materials or risks within socio-environmental dimension. All identified risks should be the basis for developing an effective mechanism for their mitigation, which will allow for more effective protection of the process of obtaining electricity from biomass."
AB Background
"AB Background: Although the consumption of vegetables and fruits is reported to influence the risk of cataract, no prospective study of this association from Asia has yet appeared. Here. we investigated the association between vegetable and fruit intake and cataract incidence in a large-scale population-based prospective cohort study in Japan."
"AB Miscarriage is one of the commonest complications of pregnancy. Although previous studies suggested that environmental factors were important causes of miscarriage, evidence is still inadequate. Here, we examined the association of maternal exposure to temperature with the risk of miscarriage and further assessed the modifying effects of surrounding residential greenness. A case-control study was conducted at a large hospital in Guangzhou, China. All participants' information was extracted from hospital records. An inverse distance weighted method was used to estimate the temperature exposure at each residential address, where the greenness was measured by Normalized Difference Vegetation Index (NDVI). A logistic regression model was applied to estimate the association of temperature exposure with the risk of miscarriage. A total of 2044 cases of miscarriage and 2285 controls were included in the present study. We observed a generally non-linear positive relationship between temperature exposure and the risk of miscarriage. More pronounced effects of high temperatures vs. low temperatures were found during the two months prior to hospitalization than in other periods. The odds ratio (OR) of 29.4 degrees C (95th centile) compared with 15 degrees C during the first month prior to hospitalization was 1.480 (95% CI: 1.021-2.145). Smaller effects of temperatures were seen on the risk of miscarriage among participants with moderately great surrounding greenness compared with those with less greenness. We concluded that maternal exposure to moderately high temperature during pregnancy may increase the risk of miscarriage, but the modifying effects of greenness on these associations need to be further tested in future studies. (C) 2019 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB Evidence suggests that residential greenness may be protective of high blood pressure, but there is scarcity of evidence on the associations between greenness around schools and blood pressure among children. We aimed to investigate this association in China. Our study included 9354 children from 62 schools in the Seven Northeastern Cities Study. Greenness around each child's school was measured by NDVI (Normalized Difference Vegetation Index) and SAVI (Soil-Adjusted Vegetation Index). Particulate matter <= 1 mu m (PM1) concentrations were estimated by spatiotemporal models and nitrogen dioxide (NO2) concentrations were collected from air monitoring stations. Associations between greenness and blood pressure were determined by generalized linear and logistic mixed-effect models. Mediation by air pollution was assessed using mediation analysis. Higher greenness was consistently associated with lower blood pressure. An increase of 0.1 in NDVI corresponded to a reduction in SBP of 1.39 mmHg (95% CI: 1.86, -0.93) and lower odds of hypertension (OR = 0.76, 95% CI: 0.69, 0.82). Stronger associations were observed in children with higher BMI. Ambient PM1 and NO2 mediated 33.0% and 10.9% of the association between greenness and SBP, respectively. In summary, greater greenness near schools had a beneficial effect on blood pressure, particularly in overweight or obese children in China. The associations might be partially mediated by air pollution. These results might have implications for policy makers to incorporate more green space for both aesthetic and health benefits. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
AB Objectives: To demonstrate how phenotypic cell viability data can provide insight into antimycobacterial effects for the isoniazid/rifampicin treatment backbone.
"AB Suppliers play a crucial role in achieving the supply chain goals. In the context of risk management, suppliers are the most common source of external risks in modern supply chains. The recognition that continuity of supply chain flow under disruptive event is a critical issue has brought the attention of companies to the selection of resilient suppliers. In contrast to the extensive number of researches on traditional and green criteria of supplier selection, the criteria associated with resilient supplier selection are not well explored yet. This paper first seeks to explore the resilience criteria for supplier selection based on the notion of resilience capacities which can be divided into three categories: absorptive capacity, adaptive capacity, and restorative capacity. Absorptive capacity refers to the capability of system to withstand against disruptive event in prior or called as preparedness of supplier, while adaptive and restoration capacities imply the capability of supplier to adopt itself and restore from disruption or recoverability of supplier. We identified eight effective elements for resilience capacities which contribute to the resilience of suppliers. Advanced data mining approaches like predictive analytics models are used to predict the resilience value of each supplier. We applied ensemble methods by combining binomial logistics regression, classification and regression trees, and neural network to obtain better predictive performance than individual algorithm from the historical data to predict individual supplier's resiliency. This resilience value, obtained from ensemble methods, is coupled with additional four variables to assess the suppliers' overall performance and rank them using different supplier selection models. Finally, a case study has been performed on international plastic raw material suppliers for a U.S. based manufacturer."
"AB Objective. A lack of comprehensive and standardized metrics for measuring park exposure limits park-related research and health promotion efforts. This study aimed to develop and demonstrate an empirically-derived and spatially-represented index of park access (ParkIndex) that would allow researchers, planners, and citizens to evaluate the potential for park use for a given area."
"AB In the classical vehicle routing problem with backhauls (VRPB) the customers are divided into two sets; the linehaul and backhaul customers, so that the distribution and collection services of goods are separated into different routes. This is justified by the need to avoid the reorganization of the loads inside the vehicles, to reduce the return of the vehicles with empty load and to give greater priority to the customers of the linehaul. Many logistics companies have special responsibility to make their operations greener, and electric vehicles (EVs) can be an efficient solution. Thus, when the fleet consists of electric vehicles (EVs), the driving range is limited due to their battery capacities and, therefore, it is necessary to visit recharging stations along their route. In this paper the electric vehicle routing problem with backhauls (EVRPB) is introduced and formulated as a mixed integer linear programming model. This formulation is based on the generalization of the open vehicle routing problem considering a set of new constraints focussed on maintaining the arborescence condition of the linehaul and backhaul paths. Different charging points for the EVs are considered in order to recharge the battery at the end of the linehaul route or during the course of the backhaul route. Finally, a heuristic initialization methodology is proposed, in which an auxiliary graph is used for the efficient coding of feasible solutions to the problem. The operation and effectiveness of the proposed formulation is tested on two VRPB instance datasets of literature which have been adapted to the EVRPB. (C) 2020 by the authors; licensee Growing Science, Canada"
"AB Cerebral hyperperfusion (HP) complicates the postoperative course of patients with moyamoya disease (MMD) after direct revascularization surgery. Crossed cerebellar diaschisis (CCD) has been considered to be rarely associated with HP after revascularization surgery. This study aimed to describe the clinical features and factors associated with CCD secondary to cerebral HP after revascularization surgery for MMD. We analyzed 150 consecutive hemispheres including 101 in adults and 49 in pediatric patients who underwent combined direct and indirect bypass for MMD. Using single-photon emission computed tomography (SPECT), serial cerebral blood flow (CBF) was measured immediately after the surgery and on postoperative days 2 and 7. Pre- and postoperative voxel-based analysis of SPECT findings was performed to compare the changes in regional CBF. Multivariate logistic regression analysis was performed to test the effect of multiple variables on CCD. Asymptomatic and symptomatic HP was observed in 41.3% (62/150) and 16.7% (25/150) of the operated hemispheres, respectively. CCD was observed in 18.4% (16/87) of these hemispheres with radiological HP. Multivariate analysis revealed that the occurrence of CCD was significantly associated with symptomatic HP (p = 0.0015). Voxel-based analysis showed that the CBF increase in the operated frontal cortex, and the CBF reduction in the contralateral cerebellar hemisphere on day 7 were significantly larger in symptomatic HP than in asymptomatic HP (median 11.3% vs 7.5%; - 6.0% vs - 1.7%, respectively). CCD secondary to postoperative HP is more common than anticipated in MMD. CCD could potentially be used as an indicator of severe postoperative HP in patients with MMD."
"AB Bicycle-transit integration, in which cycling is used to as a transfer mode to/from transit station is widely believed to be one very important way of promoting a transit city and achieving efficient and sustainable urban transport systems. However, the empirical evidence for the determinants of people's choices to transfer by bicycle as a travel mode remain largely unstudied. This paper investigates this issue, using Beijing and its metro system as a case study. Using a multilevel logistic model, we found that travel distance is the most important influence on rates of cycling for transfer trips between metro stations and home or workplace. There were also socioeconomic influences, with young people being less likely to cycle and more likely to use buses. Middle- and high-income earners were more likely to drive than cycle, while low-income earners were more likely to take the bus. Personal attitudes are also influential those who prefer cheap travel were more likely to cycle. Above results suggest that the increasing city size and urban expansion are great challenges to cycling systems in growing cities. The presence of bicycle-sharing programs, mixed land use, and green parks in metro station areas were associated with greater rates of cycling transfer. In order to promote Bicycle-and-Ride schemes in metro station areas, education initiatives designed to influence behavior should be integrated with investment in bicycle infrastructure. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
AB Background/aims To describe the risk factors for the development of retinal pigment epithelial (RPE) atrophy following intravitreal anti-vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) injection treatment for polypoidal choroidal vasculopathy (PCV).
"AB Due to the accessibility for connected vehicle (CV) to obtain the V2X covered traffic conditions and signal phase and timing (SPaT) information, the CV becomes able to follow its predecessors and adjust its speed in a different way with comparison to human driving vehicle (HDV). Aiming at promoting energy economy and keeping safety, a consensus and optimal speed advisory model(SAM) is proposed for CV platoon at an isolated signalized intersection in the presence of mixed traffic scenario. To ensure that CV followers track their leader's speed and time headway spacing with uniform performance being achieved, a consensus based CV platoon model is proposed with V2X network topology being taken into account. To determine average desired speed of the leader and prevent itself from red light running, two kinds of intersection passing decisions considering amber light duration time are presented for CV and HDV, respectively. To plan a speed trajectory for CV leader, a safety and energy conservation oriented SAM based on trigonometric-curve and logistic-curve is employed to guide CV leader approaching and departing from signalized intersection in a smooth driving behavior at the moment of queue discharging entirely at green light. Numerical simulations show that taking speed profile governed by consensus and optimal SAM as CV platoon's recommended speed can improve safety and fuel economy performance of the mixed traffic on signal controlled highways. (C) 2019 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
AB Purpose
"AB Non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD) is the most common chronic liver disease, and its pathogenesis is complicated and triggered by unbalanced diet, sedentary lifestyle, and genetic background. The aim of this study was to construct and validate a nomogram incorporated lifestyle habits for predicting NAFLD incidence. The overall cohort was divided into training set and test set as using computer-generated random numbers. We constructed the nomogram by multivariate logistic regression analysis in the training set. Thereafter, we validated this model by concordance index, the area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (ROC), net reclassification index, and a calibration curve in the test set. Additionally, we also evaluated the clinical usefulness of the nomogram by decision curve analysis. There were no statistically significant differences about characteristics between training cohort (n = 748) and test cohort (n = 320). Eleven features (age, sex, body mass index, drinking tea, physical exercise, energy, monounsaturated fatty acids, polyunsaturated fatty acids, hypertension, hyperlipidemia, diabetes) were incorporated to construct the nomogram, concordance index, the area under the ROC curve, net reclassification index were 0.801, 0.801, and 0.084, respectively, indicating the nomogram have good discrimination of predicting NAFLD incidence. Also, the calibration curve showed good consistency between nomogram prediction and actual probability. Moreover, the decision curve showed that when the threshold probability of an individual is within a range from approximately 0.5 to 0.8, this model provided more net benefit to predict NAFLD incidence risk than the current strategies. This nomogram can be regarded as a user-friendly tool for assessing the risk of NAFLD incidence, and thus help to facilitate management of NAFLD including lifestyle and medical interventions."
AB Purpose
"AB Background/objectives The choroid, mostly composed of vascular structures, can be directly affected by systemic hemodynamic changes. Blood pressure variability (BPV) may factor into choroidal dysfunction, which can be associated with the pathogenesis of central serous chorioretinopathy (CSCR). The aim of our study was to investigate short-term BPV over 24 h in patients with acute CSCR versus healthy controls. Subjects/methods Our cross-sectional comparative study included 50 patients with CSCR (i.e., patient group) and 60 healthy individuals (i.e., control group). In all participants, 24-h ambulatory blood pressure was monitored every 15 min during the day and every 30 min at night. Mean variability index (VI), systolic blood pressure (SBP), and diastolic blood pressure (DBP) during the day, at night, and across the 24-h period were subjected to statistical analyses. Results Mean 24-h, daytime, and night-time SBP and DBP did not significantly differ between the groups. The mean 24-h and daytime VI values for SBP and DBP were significantly higher in the patient group than in the control group, whereas the mean night-time VI values for SBP and DBP between the groups were similar. Multivariate logistic regression models revealed that the VI values for 24-h and daytime SBP and DBP emerged as independent risk factors for developing CSCR. Conclusion Our study revealed that variabilities in 24-h, daytime SBP and DBP were significantly higher in patients with CSCR than in controls. Our results thus suggest that increased BPV may be a new risk factor for the development of CSCR."
"AB Circular economy (CE), as a way to address sustainable development, emphasizes on maximum utilization of input resources in a regenerative system that gives rise to the reduction in emissions, energy consumption, and waste. The first aim of this paper is to move towards CE through redesigning a closed-loop supply chain (CLSC) network for durable products, which are one of the most widely used category of goods. For this purpose, various recovery facilities are taken into account in CLSC structure; and cost, CO2 emissions, and energy consumption are taken into consideration as multiple objectives. The relevant mixed integer linear programming model is developed to make supplier selection, location-allocation, transportation mode, assembly technology, and recovery level decisions. Given that the strategic and tactical decisions in a CLSC are largely influenced by uncertainties, finding robust solutions is of great importance. The second aim of this study, thus, is to introduce and formulate novel robust optimization models by ways of possibilistic programming and scenario-based stochastic programming. These models are developed in linear terms to cope with different types of uncertainties including randomness and epistemic. Numerical examples are conducted based on some real energy and CO2 data. The results reveal the superiority of the circularity versus linearity in the supply chain. Pareto optimal solutions indicate the negative correlation of cost with energy consumption and CO2 emissions. The findings also show the reasonable performance of the robust models against uncertainty."
"AB Manufacturing has experienced tremendous changes from industry 1.0 to industry 4.0 with the advancement of technology in fast-developing areas such as computing, image processing, automation, machine vision, machine learning along with big data and Internet of things. Machine tools in industry 4.0 shall have the ability to identify materials which they handle so that they can make and implement certain decisions on their own as needed. This paper aims to present a generalized methodology for automated material identification using machine vision and machine learning technologies to contribute to the cognitive abilities of machine tools as wells as material handling devices such as robots deployed in industry 4.0. A dataset of the surfaces of four materials (Aluminium, Copper, Medium density fibre board, and Mild steel) that need to be identified and classified is prepared and processed to extract red, green and blue color components of RGB color model. These color components are used as features while training the machine learning algorithm. Support vector machine is used as a classifier and other classification algorithms such as Decision trees, Random forests, Logistic regression, and k-Nearest Neighbor are also applied to the prepared data set. The capability of the proposed methodology to identify the different group of materials is verified with the images available in an open source database. The methodology presented has been validated by conducting four experiments for checking the classification accuracies of the classifier. Its robustness has also been checked for various camera orientations, illumination levels, and focal length of the lens. The results presented show that the proposed scheme can be implemented in an existing manufacturing setup without major modifications."
"AB Background Identification of features of the neighbourhood physical environment that have a causal association with positive child development is important for promoting long-term developmental health. Previous research on these associations have been conducted at the neighbourhood level, and do not account for individual variation in exposure to these features."
"AB Remanufacturing is one of the strategies which may lead to sustainability in the production and consumption of electronics products by extending the life cycle of e-waste. Remanufacturing activities in India are in the rudimentary state, whereas countries like USA, Germany, and the UK are spearheading these activities. Therefore, this research aims to explore the factors and develops the interrelationship between these factors, which impact the remanufacturing of e-waste in India. A total of fifteen factors are determined with the help of extensive investigation of the literature, expert opinion, and survey among the consumers. The authors have consulted twelve experts from the academia and electronics industry and surveyed 484 students for finalizing these factors. Further, Interpretive structural modeling (ISM) has structured the fifteen factors into eight level hierarchy along with the interrelationship among them. The results reveal that green awareness, government incentives, return intention, and management vision is the major influential factors in the hierarchy. Furthermore, MICMAC (Matriced Impacts Croises Multiplication Appliquee a UN Classement) technique has divided fifteen factors into four groups based on their driving and dependence power. The results show the absence of autonomous factors while purchase intention and effective marketing mix strategy emerge as the significant dependent factors. The results of this investigation will be valuable for leaders proposing to progress remanufacturing rehearses in India and other developing countries for the sustainable management of e-waste. In addition, this research provides practical implications to the decision makers of the firms for effective remanufacturing of e-waste. (C) 2019 Institution of Chemical Engineers. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB Ecoepidemiological scenarios for Trypanosoma cruzi Chagas transmission are partially shaped by kissing bug vector ecology. The presence of Attalea butyracea Kunth, the 'royal palm', is a major risk factor for Chagas disease transmission in Panama given their frequent infestations by Rhodnius pallescens Barber, a major neotropical T. cruzi vector. It was assumed that in Panama this relationship was very close and unique, limiting the niche of R. pallescens to that of Att. butyracea. However, here we present observations about T. cruzi-infected R. pallescens infesting coyol palms, Acrocomia aculeata Jacquin, in Pedasi district, Los Santos Province, Panama. Between May 2015 and August 2016, we sampled kissing bugs from 83 coyol palms using mice-baited traps placed at the crown of each palm during the dry and wet season. We collected 62 R. pallescens and one Eratyrus cuspidatus Stal kissing bugs. Using logistic regression, we found that the probability of kissing bug infestation in coyol palms increased during the rainy season, with infructescence number and palm height. We examined adult R. pallescens bugs (n = 30) and found T. cruzi in 67% of the samples. We were able to isolate and characterize T. cruzi from parasites present in the feces from R. pallescens, all parasites belonging to the TC I lineage. We found that green fronds number and house proximity increased T. cruzi infection probability in kissing bugs collected in coyol palms. These results highlight coyol palms as a potential risk factor for Chagas disease transmission in the dry arch of Panama."
"AB Currently, sustainable tourism is becoming more and more important in developing ecological economies. To achieve low-carbon development, some industries, such as logistics and municipal solid waste, have already taken action, but tourism has not attached sufficient importance to this issue. This paper designs an ecotourism system including tourism, carbon waste (solid waste and sewage), and ecology (water supply and green areas) to simulate low-carbon ecotourism through a quantitative approach. This paper explores the tourism system as well as some interactive factors and studies their quantitative relationship based on historical data. A feedback-loop dynamical system model is designed to simulate tourism, waste carbon, and ecology simultaneously. Finally, a case study applying the feedback-loop dynamical system model to Leshan City, a typical travel destination with colorful natural resources in western China, is conducted to indicate the development of ecotourism in an environmentally friendly economy, which verifies the positive effects of the model. Results show a coordinating upward tendency of tourism, solid waste carbon, and ecology from the dynamical model. When tourism increases, solid waste accumulation increases; however, the amount of sewage dumped directly into nature decreases sharply. After analysis of investment policy scenarios, the research indicates that more funds for sewage treatment will attract more tourists. To maintain the equilibrium of carbon waste, more funds shall be invested in solid waste treatment in the long term. Some discussions about local policy are included. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Concern related to sustainability and greenhouse gases has grown among citizens as well as firms, which are increasingly committing to carbon emission reduction targets. However, firms' emissions come from direct and indirect sources, and from the different stages of their supply chain. Therefore, comprehensive supply chain approaches are essential to ensure the cost-effectiveness of carbon management strategies. These approaches should capture operational and environmental trade-offs arising from the interaction between different supply chain processes such as procurement, manufacturing, transport and inventory management. Considering all these processes, we propose a model for supply chain network design that takes demand uncertainty into account and includes decisions on supply chain responsiveness under different carbon policies: caps on supply chain carbon footprints, caps on market carbon footprints, and carbon taxes. Our model supports the analysis of the effect of different policies on costs and optimal network configuration and allows us to distinguish between different product types: functional or innovative products. With detailed numerical examples, we illustrate the type of analysis and managerial insights that can be derived with our model, which include the assessment of supply chains' potential for carbon abatement, the study of the effect of different carbon policies on supply chain costs and network design, the analysis of the impact of various product characteristics, the test of an alternative profit maximisation model, and the determination of the value of a supply chain carbon tax that should induce specific levels of carbon abatement. (C) 2015 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB Short-season cover cropping can be an important weed management tool. To optimize the use of mustard [Sinapis alba L. and Brassica juncea (L.) Czern.] in the Great Lakes region, we assessed planting time effects, mustard biomass production, and weed suppression during mustard growth and aft er incorporation. The study was conducted in Illinois, Michigan, and New York for spring and fall from 2010 to 2012. Mustard was sown every similar to 10 d from mid-March to early June for spring plantings and from early August to mid-September for fall plantings. Spring mustard biomass, weed density, community composition, and dry biomass were collected at mustard flowering. Fall mustard biomass, weed density, and dry biomass were collected at season end. Spring mustard biomass ranged from <0.5 to 4 t ha(-1). Early fall biomass ranged from 3 to 5.5 t ha(-1), and was related to growing degree days (GDD) according to a logistic function. Weed biomass during mustard growth was reduced by at least 50% in 9 of 10 site-years (90%) for fall-planted mustard but only 15 of 31 site-years (48%) in spring plantings. Weed suppression was independent of mustard biomass. The total number of weed seedlings emerging aft er mustard incorporation was not significantly reduced, but there was a species-specific response, with a decrease in common lambsquarters (Chenopodium album L.) and grass emergence. The results permit a location-specific recommendation to plant mustard cover crops 13 to 23 August in the southern Great Lakes Region, and no later than 1 to 10 September for adequate biomass production."
"AB There is growing recognition of the value that can be recaptured from unproductive assets resulting from returned merchandise using product returns and recovery management (PRRM). This is important as organizations can no longer ignore or accumulate returns at the back of the warehouse. This paper identifies the barriers that impede PRRM among manufacturing firms in Malaysia, and provide useful summary data and analysis to entice firms to consider adopting PPRM. This study reviewed 38 journal articles, which were subsequently validated through field interviews using multiple case study method. The content analysis reveals that the two major obstacles are financial and resource constraints, which fall within the category of internal barriers. However, the results of the interviews with six manufacturers in Malaysia indicate that external barriers are the main obstacles that hinder the adoption of PRRM, thus suggesting that there may be a subtle difference between the results reported in academic research and managers' perceptions of the barriers of product returns and recovery management. The external barriers, such as customers' operational performance and perception, are perceived by managers to be detrimental to the adoption of PRRM, which is contradictory to the academic findings. In addition, financial and resource constraints impede the adoption of PRRM. This suggests that further study should be conducted by expanding the sample size to continue to empirically explore the barriers of PRRM. This study helps policy makers in emerging countries in general and Malaysia, in particular, in setting appropriate policies and strategies to improve product returns and recovery of manufacturing firms. (C) 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Calcium is an essential micronutrient that plays a role in growing and pregnancy, and its necessity is increased during pregnancy in adolescence. Thus, the aim of the study is to describe the daily calcium intake and its associations with dietetic habits, sociodemographic data and perinatal outcomes among pregnant adolescents. A prospective cohort study was conducted among primiparous adolescents who started prenatal care before 20 weeks of gestation. Sociodemographic data, weight and height, 24-h dietary recall (24hRec) and perinatal outcomes were collected over four meetings (three during pregnancy and one in puerperium). All 24hRecs were analysed by the Nutrition Data System for Research (NDSR)(R) programme, and descriptive analysis and univariate and multivariate logistic regression were done. A total of 150 pregnant adolescents were included, with a mean of daily calcium intake of 659.9 mg (50% of recommended intake). Adolescents who ate more than three meals per day (89.3%), and ate breakfast every day (69.3%), were shown to have higher daily calcium intake, odds ratio (OR CI 95%) of 3.4 (1.0, 11.0) and 16.8 (1.0, 302.1), respectively. No correlation was observed between calcium daily intake and sociodemographic data or perinatal outcomes. Dairy products were the foods that mostly contributed to achieving recommended daily calcium intake. In our cohort, pregnant adolescents had a low daily calcium intake. They should be advised to eat more than three meals per day, eat breakfast in particular, increase the consumption of calcium rich-foods, such as dairy products and green leafy vegetables, and consider calcium supplementation."
"AB The processes and logistics of the mining industry have continually undergone transformations in order to deal with rigorous regulations, economic considerations, safety and the social burden regarding environmental conditions (i.e. every sustainability pillar). In underground mines, the use of diesel-powered machinery has been increased in the past decades. The combustion of diesel fuel produces a great quantity of pollutants (i.e. gas emissions, particulate matter, etc.). Thus, a constant ventilation is required to satisfy the regulations on health and safety of miners. One of the innovative transformations that underground mining processes have adopted is the use of electrical Load Haul Dumps (LHDs) to reduce the in-mine emissions and the ventilation burden and to improve in-mine working conditions, among other benefits. Electric mobile LHDs could be further improved by replacing battery-based energy supplies with hydrogen fuel cells. The present work focuses on the techno-economic assessment of modifying electrical LHDs by incorporating different processes and equipment (i.e. fuel cell stacks, storage tanks, DC/DC converters). The base case considers the modification of the whole mining fleet of diesel-based LHDs. As a result, a positive Net Present Value (for the project time span under consideration) and a payback period of 7.78 years were observed. The sensitivity analysis showed that considerable modifications of the current states of diesel price are required so that modifications are not feasible (diesel prices of 0.53 (sic)/1). A tight electricity cost of 70 (sic)/MWh was obtained as a breaking point (considerably safe for several industrial conditions). (C) 2019 Hydrogen Energy Publications LLC. Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Purpose - The authors examine the role of entrepreneurial business models in the reverse supply chain of apparel/fashion retailers. The purpose of this paper is to offer an alternative approach to the ""return to the point of origin"" prevalent in the reverse chain of manufacturers but less technically and economically feasible in the case of apparel/ fashion retailers. This approach, second-life retailing, not only reduces waste but also democratises consumption."
"AB The production of cosmetics has received attention due to the high demand for beauty and personal care items. In contrast, negative interferences are related to this sector, from obtaining the raw material to the final disposal of packaging. This study aimed to identify critical points and opportunities for environmental improvements in the cosmetic industry in southern Bahia based on the principles of Cleaner Production (CP). The methodology used was based on the principles of Cleaner Production proposed by UNEP/UNIDO and the data collection was carried out through on-site visits including consultation to the company's files. Also was realized a cross-analysis of the study results with elements identified in the literature that allowed the identification and discussion of CP opportunities, as well as suggestions for improvements to the critical points found. The consumption of raw materials and the generation of solid waste were aspects with more critical points. The refuse of material and inadequate destination of solid residues (oil drums, pallets, among others), as well as the replacement of raw materials by alternative and renewable sources, reverse logistics implementation and redesign of the packaging process were the opportunities for improvement aimed."
"AB We study a new problem named the Time-dependent Electric Vehicle Routing Problem (TDEVRP) which involves routing a fleet of electric vehicles to serve a set of customers and determining the vehicle's speed and departure time at each arc of the routes with the purpose of minimizing a cost function. We propose an integer linear programming (ILP) model to formulate the TDEVRP and show that the state-of-the-art commercial optimizer (CPLEX) can only solve instances of very limited sizes (with no more than 15 customers). We thus propose an iterated variable neighbourhood search (IVNS) algorithm to find near-optimal solutions for larger instances. The key ingredients of IVNS include a fast evaluation method that allows local search moves to be evaluated in constant time O(1), a variable neighbourhood descent (VND) procedure to optimize the node sequences, and a departure time and speed optimization procedure (DSOP) to optimize the speed and departure time on each arc of the routes. The proposed algorithm demonstrates excellent performances on a set of newly created instances. In particular, it can achieve optimal or near-optimal solutions for all small-size instances (with no more than 15 customers) and is robust for large-size instances where the gap between the average and the best solution value is consistently lower than 2.38%. Additional experimental results on 40 benchmark instances of the closely related Time-Dependent Pollution Routing Problem indicate that the proposed IVNS algorithm also performs very well and even discovers 39 new best-known solutions (improved upper bounds). (c) 2020 Published by Elsevier Ltd."
"AB Psoriasis is characterized by T-helper 17 cell-dominant abnormal immunity, and hyperproliferation and abnormal differentiation of epidermal keratinocytes. Some patients are associated with arthritis. Dietary habits can modulate the pathogenesis of psoriasis. Previous studies in Western countries showed higher body mass indices, higher intake of fat and lower intake of fish or vegetables in psoriatic patients compared with the reference groups. We evaluated dietary habits in adult Japanese psoriatic patients, using a validated brief-type self-administered dietary history questionnaire, and compared the results to those of age- and sex-matched healthy controls. The results in psoriatic patients with arthritis were compared with those in the patients without. Japanese psoriatic patients showed higher body mass indices, higher intake of fish/shellfish, pulses, sugar/sweeteners, vitamin B-12 and vitamin D, and lower intake of meat, compared with those of healthy controls. The logistic regression analysis showed that psoriasis was associated with high body mass index and low intake of meat. The intake of confection in patients with high Psoriasis Area and Severity Index was higher than that in those with low index. The intake of beta-carotene, vitamin A and green/yellow vegetables in psoriatic patients with arthritis were higher than those in the patients without. The dietary habits in Japanese psoriatic patients are rather different from those in Western patients. This is the first study showing the differences in dietary habits between psoriatic patients with arthritis and those without. Further studies should elucidate the relationships of these results with skin and joint lesions in psoriatic patients."
"AB BackgroundThe highly consistent association of growing up on a farm with a reduced asthma risk has so far been attributed to direct farm exposure. In contrast, geographic determinants of the larger environment have never been assessed. In this study, the effects of proximity to farms and environmental variables in relation to the residential address on asthma and atopy were assessed."
"AB This paper focuses on the problem of minimizing CO2 emissions in the routing of vehicles in urban areas. While many authors have realized the importance of speed in minimizing emissions, most of the existing literature assumes that vehicles can travel at the emissions-minimizing speed on each arc in the road network. In urban areas, vehicles must travel at the speed of traffic, which is variable and time-dependent. The best routes also depend on the vehicle load. To solve the problem, we take advantage of previous work that transforms the stochastic shortest path subproblems into deterministic problems. While in general, these paths must be computed for each combination of start time and load, we introduce a result that identifies when the emissions-minimizing path between customers is the same for all loads. When this occurs, we can precompute the paths and store them in a lookup table which saves on runtime. To solve the routing problem, we adapt an existing tabu search algorithm. We test our approach on instances from a real road network dataset and 230 million speed observations. Experiments with different numbers of vehicles, vehicle weights, and pickup quantities demonstrate the value of our approach. We show that large savings in emissions can occur particularly in the suburbs, with heavier vehicles, and with heterogeneous pickup quantities as compared with routes created with more traditional objectives. We show that the savings in emissions are proportionally larger than the associated increases in duration, indicating improved emissions are achievable at a fairly low cost. (C) 2015 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB Technological processes play an essential task in the enterprise's production system. The behaviour and functioning of these systems cannot be predicted with certainty as they belong to a group of probable determinate structures. Generally, if we wanted to know precisely the behaviour of this condition in advance, we would have to be able to describe them mathematically or observe the action of the system on a real object. By applying discrete event simulation software, we realize the development of environmentally friendly products and using the simulation, we gain the certainty that the planned tasks can be implemented in a given time frame, while the simulation of the production process can help to clearly clarify and better understand the processes. To choose the optimal manufacturing ways of cleaning the fabrics component from waste tyres, we used the Witness discrete event simulation software to determine the usability and time occupancy of individual machines in the production of new fabric-based material. We simulated the ultrasonic method of cleaning the fabrics component from waste tyres and the subsequent creation of the test specimen. After the simulation, the obtained data can be used by a selection of type and number of machines and auxiliary equipment, by numbers of tools and fixtures, and by numbers of transport equipment. Obtained results bring the best layout of the workplace, the optimal dose of input materials and resources used in production. We have identified bottlenecks in the machines with long waiting times. The research priority was to reduce bottlenecks and increase the effectiveness of the entire of production line. (C) 2020 CPE, University of Maribor. All rights reserved."
"AB In the Global Maritime Supply Chains (GMSCs), sustainable development and growth of containerized freight (cargo stuffed in maritime containers for transportation) transport system and container port/terminal business have attracted attention of regional governments, financial institutions and regulatory bodies across the globe. Particularly, growing worries about the unpropitious impacts on the environment caused by containerized freight transport industry. The industry has contributed immensely in growth and expansion of global trade and therefore increased trade promises sustainable growth of global port and shipping activities. Competition in liner shipping industry has shrunk profits of the carriers while struggling to grab more market share, which has led them to work upon creating value to the customers in order to gain edge over others. Therefore, this study is conducted from business perspective that how the global container shipping sector can create value to its customers and stakeholders and also go tandem with environmental aspect. The objective of the study is to identify and examine the value creating factors and sub-factors of GMSCs of containerized freight. Data on value creating factors is collected by consulting 57 ports and shipping industry experts globally. We propose FAHP (Fuzzy Analytic Hierarchy Process) framework for evaluating these value creating factors and develop this study which will not just help carriers but also the stakeholders in the containerized freight transport industry to measure their competitive edge over rivals. This study concludes with sensitivity analysis, results and discussions, managerial and practical implications of the conceptual framework."
"AB Port-hinterland transport is a freight transport mode that links ports and inland destinations and contributes to a large portion of the total CO2 emissions from the entire port-related logistic chain. Infrastructure development is conducive to reducing transport emissions. However, decision making regarding the development of port-hinterland transport infrastructures is complicated because port throughputs for different types of cargo change with economic structural changes (ESCs) in the port's hinterland. Therefore, this study develops a hybrid econometric and system dynamic model to explore the impact of ESCs in the hinterland on a port's throughput and to formulate suitable infrastructure decisions to reduce CO2 emissions from port-hinterland transport. The hybrid model is applied to the Qingdao port and its hinterland transport in Shandong Province, China. The results show that long-term CO2 emissions from port-hinterland transport will increase significantly because Shandong's ESCs will lead to a notable increase in the freight volume of containers, despite a concurrent decrease in the freight volume of iron ore. To reduce port-hinterland transport emissions under ESCs, facilitating railway transport for containers prioritizes over other options. The results also reveal that whether the ESCs are considered will lead to different infrastructure decisions, and whether life-cycle emissions of infrastructure are considered may lead to different priorities of infrastructure options. The findings indicate that holistic view and collaboration among government entities and transport-related stakeholders should be emphasized in the decision making of transport infrastructure development."
"AB Purpose This study examines consumer behaviour based on product sustainability and brand luxury. The purpose is to provide strategic suggestions to apparel companies attempting to invest in sustainable development of plastic clothing, as well as implications for marketing and sustainability research. Design/methodology/approach Consumer brand attitude and purchase intention towards sustainable plastic clothing are examined across material types, brand luxury levels and price levels from 315 valid samples collected in Japan. Findings The results reveal that sustainable plastic clothing raises brand attitude, indirectly influencing purchase intention. However, the direct effect of sustainable clothing on purchase intention is contradictorily negative. These contradictory effects are especially significant when brand luxury is high. Both brand attitude and purchase intention hardly vary across price levels or material types of sustainable plastic, such as post-consumer bottles versus apparel. Practical implications The results imply that sustainable products are not instantly profitable but contribute to a desirable brand association, especially for luxury brands. An investment in costly closed-loop technology for apparel recycling is found to be commercially disadvantageous. Managers are suggested to discuss this aspect carefully, since it seems partially unprofitable, while sustainable management seems to comprehensively contribute to overall enterprise performance. Originality/value The study specifically reveals the luxury effect enhancing, yet contradictory, consumer behaviour towards sustainable plastic clothing. To the best of the author's knowledge, few studies have examined the relationships between these elements. Furthermore, the study sheds new light on consumer behaviour across recycled plastic types from a marketing perspective."
"AB Background: There has been an increasing interest in low fermentable oligosaccharides, disaccharides, monosaccharides, and polyols (FODMAP) diets for irritable bowel syndrome. The aims of the present study were (1) to survey knowledge and eating habits with respect to low- and high-FODMAP foods in a general population, and (2) to analyze the relationship between lower gastrointestinal problems (LGIP, pain and irregular stool habits) and habits/foods for prevention. Methods: The present study was carried out with medical examinees (n = 1024) at a clinic in Japan using self-administrated questionnaires. The subjects were asked whether they knew each FODMAP food, eating habit, and cooking habit. Chi-squared tests were used for analyzing the characteristics of LGIP-related factors. Logistic regression models were utilized to select foods which predict LGIP. Results: Women cooking by themselves and who were younger indicated less LGIP (Chai-square for trend). More than 60% reported that they often ate rice, coffee, eggs, pork, chicken, breads, noodles, and onions, which are solely classified as high-FODMAP foods. LGIP was related to age and self-cooking habits in women. Soybeans had the least significant relationship with LGIP (odds ratio (OR) 0.48, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.32-0.73), followed by seaweed, shellfish, wheat, cow's milk, green beans, and cauliflower. In contrast, artificial sweeteners were most significantly related with LGIP (OR 1.54, 95% CI 1.16-2.03), followed by margarine and tomato paste. Conclusions: The associations between FODMAP foods and LGPI appeared to be different from the Western results. Furthermore, some diets related to LGIP are suggested."
AB Background/aims To investigate short-term outcomes of intravitreal aflibercept injections (IAIs) for polypoidal choroidal vasculopathy (PCV).
"AB Background: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) patients often present considerable individual medical burden in their symptoms, limitations, and well-being that complicate medical treatment. To improve their overall health status, while reducing the number of exacerbations, a multidisciplinary approach including different elements of care is needed. The aim of this study was to evaluate the effects of a remote support program on COPD patients at high risk of experiencing worsening of their disease and other health-related outcomes."
"AB The environmental dimension of the concept of sustainability has become a topic that has been frequently researched in the fields of psychology, sociology and organisational behaviour. Designed on the basis of previous studies, this study aims at explaining pro-environmental behaviour based on ecological worldviews of individuals and goals that the individuals desire to achieve with their environmental knowledge. Accordingly, two separate experimental studies, consisting of 109 high school students and 236 college students, were designed. Participants' level of knowledge was manipulated through environmental training, while their personal goals were manipulated so as to create certain conditions in order to lead individuals to achieve specific goals. The ecological worldviews of students were obtained by means of the new ecological paradigm scale. The validity of this scale was tested in two samples with multi-group confirmatory factor analysis. Multivariate logistic regression models were used to explain pro-environmental behaviour which was determined as 'dropping litter in to a recycle bin' in the first study and 'participating in an environmental event' in the second study. As a result of the first study, it was observed that one-unit change in the post-training views of the individual increases the probability by 11.1 times in exhibiting pro-environmental behaviour. Furthermore, the results showed that 'gain-goals' oriented individuals would exhibit pro-environmental behaviour 7.3 times more than those in the control group and 'normative-goals' oriented individuals would exhibit pro-environmental behaviour 3.5 times greater than those in the control group. It was estimated that the students who had environmental training would exhibit pro-environmental behaviour 2 times more than those who without. It was determined that environmental training had a significant effect only on voluntary behaviour when pro-environmental behaviour was classified as voluntary, gain or normative goal oriented behaviours. Accordingly, it was also estimated that the individuals who had environmental training would exhibit voluntary pro-environmental behaviour 4.7 times more than those who did not have any training. Training and goal-frames were treated to the subjects, so real responses of the subjects could be examined to the environmental training and goal-frame stimulation. So the main contribution of this research to the literature is enabling observation real pro-environmental behaviour of individuals in terms of interventions. (c) 2020 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Background: The COVID-19 pandemic has profoundly changed people?s ability to recreate in public green spaces, which is likely to exacerbate the psychological impacts of the pandemic. In the current study, we seek to understand whether greenery can support mental health even with insufficient outdoor exposure in times of physical isolation from the outdoor environment."
"AB Timing of births in ungulates is influenced by ecological factors, and differences in seasonality of births have evolutionary implications for these mammals. Birthing habitat is one of the most important home-range attributes for ungulates, and disturbances during this time can decrease survival of young and population growth. We calculated timing of births and quantified habitat selected by nursery groups (i.e., females with young) of desert bighorn sheep (Ovis canadensis nelsoni) to produce and project a geographic information system (GIS) model of lambing period habitat (i.e., birthing locations and areas used up to 6 weeks post-parturition) in southeastern Utah, United States. We then applied that model to identify suitable lambing period habitat in an adjacent area for a population of Rocky Mountain bighorn sheep (O. c. canadensis). We monitored 19 global positioning system (GPS) collared females from 2012 to 2013 to delineate the birthing season. We used GPS locations during that time and logistic regression within a model-selection framework to differentiate between lambing period habitat and random locations based on habitat and anthropogenic covariates. We used model coefficients to produce and project a GIS model of lambing period habitat. Across both years, 89% of 45 births occurred in May (range = April 27-June 9). We quantified covariate values at 750 lambing period and 750 random locations during that time in the San Rafael study area. The top model included elevation, slope, terrain ruggedness, aspect, existing vegetation type, and distance to trails and roads. Those variables predicted lambing period habitat for desert bighorn sheep (rho = 0.99, P = 0.02). We then overlaid that model on 1,130 GPS locations from 17 female Rocky Mountain bighorns in the Green River study area. In both areas, a mean of 71% of locations were in the top two (of five) probability categories (San Rafael high = 37%, medium high = 31%; Green River high = 50%, medium high = 23%). Females in lambing period habitat preferred steep, north-facing slopes, rugged terrain, low elevation, and avoided roads. Our GIS model projected areas of lambing period habitat for adjacent desert and Rocky Mountain bighorns and provided land managers with a map of habitat in areas where resource extraction and recreation are increasing. Identifying timing of parturition, and high-probability lambing period habitat, will help managers mitigate temporal and spatial conflicts between bighorn sheep and anthropogenic activities. Similar data regarding timing of births and a GIS model can be applied to conserve habitat for other ungulates also."
"AB The short revisit times afforded by recently-deployed optical satellite sensors that acquire 3-30 m resolution imagery provide new opportunities to study seasonal vegetation dynamics. Previous studies demonstrated a successful retrieval of phenology with Sentinel-2 for relatively stable annual growing seasons. In semi-arid East Africa however, vegetation responds rapidly to a concentration of rainfall over short periods and consequently is subject to strong interannual variability. Obtaining a sufficient density of cloud-free acquisitions to accurately describe these short vegetation cycles is therefore challenging. The objective of this study is to evaluate if data from two satellite constellations, i.e., PlanetScope (3 m resolution) and Sentinel-2 (10 m resolution), each independently allow for accurate mapping of vegetation phenology under these challenging conditions. The study area is a rangeland with bimodal seasonality located at the 128-km(2) Kapiti Farm in Machakos County, Kenya. Using all the available PlanetScope and Sentinel-2 imagery between March 2017 and February 2019, we derived temporal NDVI profiles and fitted double hyperbolic tangent models (equivalent to commonly-used logistic functions), separately for the two rainy seasons locally referred to as the short and long rains. We estimated start and end-of-season for the series using a 50% threshold between minimum and maximum levels of the modelled time series (SOS50/EOS50). We compared our estimates against those obtained from vegetation index series from two alternative sources, i.e. a) greenness chromatic coordinate (GCC) series obtained from digital repeat photography, and b) MODIS NDVI. We found that both PlanetScope and Sentinel-2 series resulted in acceptable retrievals of phenology (RMSD of similar to 8 days for SOS50 and similar to 15 days for EOS50 when compared against GCC series) suggesting that the sensors individually provide sufficient temporal detail. However, when applying the model to the entire study area, fewer spatial artefacts occurred in the PlanetScope results. This could be explained by the higher observation frequency of PlanetScope, which becomes critical during periods of persistent cloud cover. We further illustrated that PlanetScope series could differentiate the phenology of individual trees from grassland surroundings, whereby tree green-up was found to be both earlier and later than for grass, depending on location. The spatially-detailed phenology retrievals, as achieved in this study, are expected to help in better understanding climate and degradation impacts on rangeland vegetation, particularly for heterogeneous rangeland systems with large interannual variability in phenology and productivity."
AB Background: Bricks have been manufactured in Nepal for hundreds of years and are seen as a component of Nepalese sculpture and architecture. Large quantities of hazardous materials including high concentrations of particulate matter are emitted on a daily basis from brick kilns. Exposure to these hazardous materials can lead to adverse consequences on the environment and human health. This study was conducted to estimate the prevalence of respiratory symptoms/illnesses and the magnitude of respirable and total dust exposures among Nepalese brick kiln workers.
"AB Results of previous studies revealed that (i) splash can transfer microbes from in-field feces to preharvest produce and (ii) wildlife can be vectors for the introduction of foodborne pathogens into produce fields. However, few peer-reviewed studies have been conducted to examine pathogen transfer from wildlife feces to in-field produce via splash during irrigation. Although two previous studies found a significant relationship between distance and Escherichia coli transfer via splash, the studies sampled produce <1 m from the feces. The present study was conducted to refine our understanding of the impact of distance on E. coli splash. Two trials were conducted 1 month apart. For each trial, fecal pellets inoculated with a three-strain E. coli cocktail were placed in a lettuce field 2.5 h before irrigation. After irrigation, E. coli levels on lettuce heads 0 to 6 m from the pellets were determined. Although E. coli was not detected in any of the heads >= 2 m from the fecal pellets (n = 39), 39% of heads (13 of 33) <2 m from the pellets tested positive for E. coli. According to logistic regression, the odds of harvesting a head that tested positive for E. coli decreased by a factor of 50 (odds ratio, 0.02; 95% confidence interval, <0.01, 0.28; P = 0.004) for each meter increase in the distance between the lettuce and the feces. Thus, the likelihood of E. coli transfer from feces to produce should be minimal at a given distance from the feces. Our model can be used to predict the probability of harvesting a microbially contaminated lettuce head following implementation of a no-harvest buffer around in-field feces. For example, our model suggests that the probability of harvesting a contaminated head was 0.1% at 3 m from the feces. Although the approaches utilized in this study provide a conceptual framework that can be used to help define appropriate no-harvest buffers, delineation of appropriate buffer zones requires additional information (e.g., acceptable risk and regional data)."
"AB Protein-energy malnutrition (PEM) is a growing concern on account of an aging population and its negative health consequences. While dietary protein plays a key role in the prevention of PEM, it also plays a pivotal role in the environmental impact of the human diet. In search for sustainable dietary strategies to increase protein intake in older adults, this study investigated the readiness of older adults to accept the consumption of the following alternative, more sustainable protein sources: plant-based protein, insects, single-cell protein, and in vitro meat. Using ordinal logistic regression modeling, the associations of different food-related attitudes and behavior and sociodemographics with older adults' acceptance to consume such protein sources were assessed. Results were obtained through a consumer survey among 1825 community-dwelling older adults aged 65 years or above in five EU countries (United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Poland, Spain, and Finland). Dairy-based protein was generally the most accepted protein source in food products (75% of the respondents found its consumption acceptable or very acceptable). Plant-based protein was the most accepted alternative, more sustainable protein source (58%) followed by single-cell protein (20%), insect-based protein (9%), and in vitro meat-based protein (6%). We found that food fussiness is a barrier to acceptance, whereas green eating behavior and higher educational attainment are facilitators to older adults' acceptance to eat protein from alternative, more sustainable sources. Health, sensory appeal, and price as food choice motives, as well as gender and country of residence were found to influence acceptance, although not consistently across all the protein sources. Findings suggest that there is a window of opportunity to increase older adults' acceptance of alternative, more sustainable protein sources and in turn increase protein intake in an environmentally sustainable way in EU older adults."
"AB When planning routes for fleets of electric commercial vehicles, it is necessary to precisely predict the energy required to drive and plan for charging whenever needed, in order to manage their driving range limitations. Although there are several energy estimation models available in the literature, so far integration with Vehicle Routing Problems has been limited and without demonstrated accuracy."
"AB Purpose The purpose of this paper is to draw upon the resource-based view (RBV) of the firm in an attempt to explore how a firm's resources (i.e. assets and capabilities) such as social capital (SC) and strategic entrepreneurship (SE) relate to sustainable supply chain management (SSCM) and organizational performance (OP). Design/methodology/approach Data were collected by questionnaire survey from the supply chain and logistics managers of 242 manufacturing firms in Pakistan. The structural equation modeling approach was used to test the hypotheses. Findings The results provide support for the proposed hypotheses. The results indicate that SC and SE are positively related to OP. However, the findings show a positive but weak association of SC and SE with SSCM. In a developing country context of Pakistan, organizations are more likely to employ SC and SE for achieving OP. However, relatively less emphasis is placed on linking SC and SE to SSCM. Pakistani organizations need to integrate SSCM into their business strategies. It is concluded that organizations in Pakistan though have some degree of involvement in SSCM but still face some challenges. Originality/value The current study attempts to narrow the gap in the available literature in three important aspects. First, it makes the contribution to the literature on SSCM by employing RBV and exploring the relationships of a firm's resources (i.e. SC) and capabilities (i.e. SE) to SSCM and OP. Second, it employs a relatively more comprehensive measure of SE compared to the limited measures in existing empirical research. Third, the examination of the links of SE and SC to SSCM and OP is of particular importance in the context of a developing country such as Pakistan."
AB OBJECTIVE To develop a preoperative multivariable decision-making tool to predict nonorgan-confined urothelial carcinoma of the bladder (NOC-UCB) using standard clinical and pathological factors as well as biomarkers of systemic inflammatory response.
"AB The substitution of chemical pesticides by biopesticides is crucial to ensure the quality of agricultural products and to foster environmental sustainability. This study takes the willingness and the behaviors of rice farmers on the application of biopesticides as the research object. The survey questionnaire was designed based on the theory of rational small-scale farmers from three aspects: ""individual and family characteristics of farmers"", ""cognition of farmers"" and ""external factors"". The survey was then conducted on 163 rice farmers in seven prefecture-level cities in Jilin Province of China. The logistic model was used to analyze the influencing factors resulting in the deviation of the behaviors of the rice farmers from their initial willingness on the application of biopesticides. The explanatory structure model (ISM) was used to analyze the logical hierarchical relationship among various influencing factors. The results show that: (1) For 45% of the farmers surveyed, there's a deviation between their willingness and behaviors regarding the application of biopesticides; (2) Among the significant factors leading to the deviation between farmers' willingness and behaviors concerning the application of biopesticides, the surface-level direct factor is biopesticide awareness. The mid-level indirect factors are agricultural product quality and safety awareness and the deep-level root cause is farmers' education level. (3) The primary reason for the deviation of the farmers' behaviors from their willingness is their lack of knowledge about biopesticides and the biopesticides' incomplete market structure. Based on the comprehensive analysis, it is recommended to improve the professionalization of the farmers, to strengthen the publicity of green production and to accelerate the formulation of the biopesticides market to further promote the usage of biopesticides."
"AB Despite ample research on the association between indoor air pollution and allergic disease prevalence, public health and environmental policies still lack predictive evidence for developing a preventive guideline for patients or vulnerable populations mostly due to limitation of real-time big data and model predictability. Recent popularity of IoT and machine learning techniques could provide enabling technologies for collecting real-time big data and analyzing them for more accurate prediction of allergic disease risks for evidence-based intervention, but the effort is still in its infancy. This pilot study explored and evaluated the feasibility of a deep learning algorithm for predicting asthma risk. It is based on peak expiratory flow rates (PEFR) of 14 pediatric asthma patients visiting the Korea University Medical Center and indoor particulate matter PM10 and PM2.5 concentration data collected at their residence every 10 minutes using a PM monitoring device with a low-cost sensor between September 1, 2017 and August 31, 2018. We interpolated the PEFR results collected twice a day for each patient throughout the day so that it can be matched to the PM and other weather data. The PEFR results were classified into three categories such as 'Green' (normal), 'Yellow' (mild to moderate exacerbation) and 'Red' (severe exacerbation) with reference to their best peak flow value. Long Short-Term Memory (LSTM) model was trained using the first 10 months of the linked data and predicted asthma risk categories for the next 2 months during the study period. LSTM model is found to predict the asthma risk categories better than multinomial logistic (MNL) regression as it incorporates the cumulative effects of PM concentrations over time. Upon successful modifications of the algorithm based on a larger sample, this approach could potentially play a groundbreaking role for the scientific data-driven medical decision making."
"AB The social banking market constitutes a small but rapidly growing submarket of the global banking sector. Due to an explicit commitment to sustainability, social banking is a segment of banking services which is not exclusively focused on economic performance criteria, but pursues ecological and social goal dimensions on an equal footing. Information on the number and reachability of potential social banking customers is essential for social banks to further promote sustainable consumption in finance. In scientific research, social banking is considered a relatively new field, still lacking empirical analyses regarding the market size and specific consumer behaviour. This study addresses the research gap by generating first insights into the German social banking market. Based on an online survey using an adaptive conjoint analysis, a large data set covering 3537 respondents was compiled. Sample 1 comprises 2896 respondents who are customers of three major social banks in Germany. Sample 2 covers the remaining 641 respondents who represent the German adult population and exclusively buy from conventional banks. Logistic regression modelling reveals that social banking customers differ significantly from their conventional counterparts regarding several socio-demographic, behavioural and psychographic factors. In comparison with conventional banking customers, social banking customers tend to be younger, higher educated and located in larger places of residence. Contrary to existing research on socially responsible investors, they are male to a higher proportion than female. Moreover, social banking customers demonstrate stronger sustainable buying patterns and weaker preferences for financial, but stronger preferences for social return than conventional banking customers. The results further indicate a considerable untapped growth potential for social banks by uncovering a market size ranging between 10 and 26% of the German adult population. Finally, suggestions for marketing strategies and future research are given."
"AB Aminoethoxyvinylglycine (AVG; ReTain (R)) and 1-methylcyclopropene (1-MCP; Harvista (TM)) are used to delay apple fruit maturation and ripening, and thereby reduce fruit drop and manage harvest logistics. In this study, 'McIntosh' and `Empire' fruit were treated with AVG at four weeks or two weeks, or with 1-MCP one week, prior to the anticipated first harvest date, to assess effects of these chemicals on maturation and ripening in relation to starch degradation. In a second season, `Empire' fruit were treated with either AVG or 1-MCP four weeks and one week prior to the anticipated first harvest. Fruit from this experiment were also harvested to investigate the effects of treatment on ripening in air storage. Cultivar and timing of application influenced the efficacy of both AVG and 1-MCP in delaying the increase of internal ethylene concentration (IEC) and the starch pattern index (SPI), and the decrease of starch concentration, in the fruit. Little effect of treatment was found for the high ethylene producing 'McIntosh', with only the SPI being affected on the date of first harvest. 'Empire' fruit from trees treated with 1-MCP or AVG had lower IEC and were greener (higher absorbance difference index (I AD ) values), and had lower SPIs and higher starch concentrations, but the effects were inconsistent and limited to only some harvest dates. In storage, only 1-MCP applied 10 d before harvest markedly slowed the increase in IEC and the rate of softening. AVG treatment effects on IEC were intermediate, between the one week 1-MCP treatment and the untreated controls and 4 week 1-MCP treatment, while it did not affect softening. Treatments did not affect the rate of starch concentration loss during storage."
AB Background
AB Objective:
"AB Background: Trimeresurus stejnegeri stejnegeri bite induces tissue swelling, pain, thrombocytopenia, rhabdomyolysis, and acute renal failure. However, the incidence of coagulopathy, factors associated with wound necrosis, and the appropriate management of this condition have not been well characterized yet. Materials: This study included patients bitten by T. s. stejnegeri that were admitted to the study hospitals from 2001 to 2016. Patient characteristics, laboratory data, and management approaches were compared in victims with and without wound necrosis. Results: A total of 185 patients were evaluated: three patients (1.6%) were asymptomatic; whereas tissue swelling and pain, local ecchymosis, wound necrosis, coagulopathy, thrombocytopenia, rhabdomyolysis, and renal impairment were present in 182, 53, 13, 15, 10, 1, and 3 patients, respectively. One patient died from coagulopathy and hemorrhagic shock. Antivenom was administered to all envenomed patients at a median time of 1.8 h after the bite. The median total dose of antivenom was five vials. Chi-square analysis showed that bitten fingers, using cold packs during first aid, presence of bullae or blisters, lymphangitis or lymphadenitis, local numbness and suspected infection to be significantly associated with wound necrosis. After adjustment using a multivariate logistic regression model, only cold packs as first aid, bulla or blister formation, and wound infection remained significant. Conclusions: The main effects of T. s. stejnegeri envenomation are tissue swelling, pain, and local ecchymosis. We do not recommend the use of cold packs during first aid to reduce wound pain, as this may be a risk factor for wound necrosis. In addition, patients with bulla or blister formation should be carefully examined for subsequent wound necrosis. Antiplatelet use may worsen systemic bleeding. No severe rhabdomyolysis or renal failure was observed in this large case series, we therefore considered that they were not prominent effects of T. s. stejnegeri bite."
"AB Supply chain network design (SCND) is an important strategic decision determining the structure of each entity in the supply chain, which has an important impact on the long-term development of a company. An efficient and effective supply chain network is of vital importance for improving customer satisfaction, optimizing the allocation of resources, and increasing profitability. The environmental concerns and social responsibility awareness of the whole society have spurred researchers and managers to design sustainable supply chains (SSCs) integrating the economic, environmental, and social factors. In addition, the innate uncertainty of the SCND problem requires an integrated method to cope. In this regard, this study develops a multi-echelon multi-objective robust fuzzy closed-loop supply chain network (CLSCN) design model under uncertainty including all three dimensions of sustainability. This model considers the total cost minimization, carbon caps, and social impact maximization concurrently to realize supply chain sustainability, and is able to make a balance between the conflicting multiple objectives. Meanwhile, the uncertainty of the parameters is divided into two categories and addressed with two approaches: the first category is missed working days related to social impact, which is solved by the fuzzy membership theory; the second category is the demand and remanufacturing rate, which is settled by a robust optimization method. To validate the ability and applicability of the model and solution approach, a numerical example is conducted and solved using ILOG CPLEX. The result shows that the supply chain network structure and the value of the optimization objectives will change when considering sustainability and different degrees of uncertainty. This will enable supply chain managers to reduce the environmental impact and enhance the social benefits of their supply chain activities, and design a more stable supply chain to better cope with the influence of uncertainty."
AB Background and Purpose-Stroke in lower and middle-income countries affects a young and productive age group. Data on factors associated with stroke in the young are sorely lacking from lower and middle-income countries. Our objective is to characterize the nature of stroke and its risk factors among young West Africans aged < 50 years old.
"AB BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: The evidence of possible roles for the most common hot infusions intake (tea and coffee) in the risk of colorectal cancer (CRC) needs additional data. Regarding 'mate' intake (infusion of Ilex paraguariensis herb), a previous multi-site study reported lack of association for its highest intake on CRC risk. The present study was conducted to better understand the associations between the intake of this and other infusions and CRC risk."
"AB Background and Aim: The association of habitual intakes of dietary nitrate (NO3) and nitrite (NO2-) with blood pressure and renal function is not clear. Here, we investigated a potential effect of dietary NO3- and NO2- on the occurrence of hypertension (HTN) and chronic kidney disease (CKD). Methods: A total of 2799 Iranian adults aged >= 20 years, participating in the Tehran Lipid and Glucose Study (TLGS), were included and followed for a median of 5.8 years. Dietary intakes of NO3- and NO2- were estimated using a semi-quantitative food frequency questionnaire. Demographics, anthropometrics, blood pressure and biochemical variables were evaluated at baseline and during follow-up examinations. To identify the odds ratio (OR) and 95% confidence interval (CI) of HTN and CKD across tertile categories of residual energy-adjusted NO3- and NO2- intakes, multivariate logistic regression models were used. Results: Dietary intake of NO3- had no significant association with the risk of HTN or CKD. Compared to the lowest tertile category (median intake < 6.04 mg/day), the highest intake (median intake >= 12.7 mg/day) of dietary NO2- was accompanied with a significant reduced risk of HTN, in the fully adjusted model (OR = 0.58, 95% CI = 0.33-0.98; p for trend = 0.054). The highest compared to the lowest tertile of dietary NO2- was also accompanied with a reduced risk of CKD (OR = 0.50, 95% CI = 0.24-0.89, p for trend = 0.07). Conclusion: Our findings indicated that higher intakes of NO2- might be an independent dietary protective factor against the development of HTN and CKD, which are major risk factors for adverse cardiovascular events."
"AB Purpose The purpose of this paper is to differentiate the empowering influences of critical enablers of supply chain management (SCM) along with their interrelationships. These empowering enablers are significant, as they encourage productive execution to improve organizational performance and stakeholder's satisfaction. Design/methodology/approach From the literature review, incidence of a number of SCM enablers were found and they were subjected to critical scrutiny by a considerable number of experts engaged in SCM research and application to identify significant and applicable empowering enablers by grounded interactions. By using Impact Matrix Cross-Reference Multiplication Applied to a Classification analysis, the driving and dependence power were analyzed and the empowering enablers were ordered. This was pursued by building up a structural model of the empowering enablers using interpretive structure modeling, followed with measuring cause-effect relationship using decision-making trial and evaluation laboratory (DEMATEL). Findings Among these identified enablers of SCM, operational performance, green SCM, employee empowerment and motivation and strategic association came out to be strategic enablers. Research limitations/implications The findings may help the practicing professionals to develop clarity in understanding of these essential enablers and their contextual as well as cause-effect relationship in SCM. The practicing professionals need to focus on all these enablers during implementation of SCM for enhancing the organizational performance and stake holders' satisfaction. Originality/value This study is of practical utility in real-life implementation of SCM. The algorithm used in applying the multi-criteria decision-making approach is very user-friendly, and the application of DEMATEL is an innovation compared to previous research. Further, the findings can be used as a benchmark for improving the performance of SCM by considering the cause-effect relationship."
"AB Clinical heterogeneity of bladder cancer prognosis requires the identification of bladder tumors' molecular profile to improve the prediction value of the established and clinically used markers. In this study, we have analyzed miR-221/222 cluster expression in bladder tumors and its clinical significance for patients' prognosis and disease outcome. The study included 387 tissue specimens. Following extraction, total RNA was polyadenylated at 3'-end and reversed transcribed. SYBR-Green based qPCR assays were performed for the quantification of miR-221/222 expression. Extensive statistical analysis was completed for the evaluation of miR-221/222 cluster's clinical significance. The expression of miR-221/222 is significantly downregulated in tumors compared to normal urothelium, while ROC curve and logistic regression analysis highlighted cluster's discriminatory ability. However, miR-222 levels were increased in muscle-invasive (T2-T4) compared to superficial tumors (TaT1), and in high compared to low-grade tumors. Kaplan-Meier survival curves and Cox regression analysis revealed the stronger risk of TaT1 patients overexpressing miR-222 for disease short-term relapse and progression following treatment. Moreover, multivariate Cox models highlighted the independent prognostic value of miR-222 overexpression for TaT1 patients' poor prognosis. Finally, the analysis of miR-222 expression improved significantly the positive prediction strength of the clinically used prognostic markers of tumor stage, grade, EORTC risk-stratification and recurrence at the first follow-up cystoscopy for TaT1 patients' outcome, and resulted to higher clinical net benefit following decision curve analysis. In conclusion, the expression of miR-221/222 cluster is deregulated in bladder tumors and miR-222 overexpression results to a superior positive prediction of TaT1 patients' short-term relapse and progression."
"AB Purpose Sustainable end-of-life (Sus-EoL) practices can be achieved through manufacturing of sustainable products, and recovery and recycling after the use phase. To achieve Sus-EoL, the manufacturing organizations should handle their products after their EoL. The recovery of used products is achieved through the design of the collection location. However, the first step is to understand and identify the barriers (e.g. lack of awareness among people, lack of technology, etc.) which prevent the implementation of Sus-EoL practices. The paper aims to discuss these issues."
"AB PURPOSE. The purposes of this study were to describe choroidal findings observed using optical coherence tomography with enhanced depth imaging (EDI-OCT) in eyes with birdshot chorioretinitis (BSCR) and to test the hypothesis that these findings are related to participant demographics, clinical characteristics, and treatment."
"AB Objective: It has been hypothesized that fruit and vegetable intake is inversely associated with non-alcoholic fatty liver (NAFLD). However, some studies have speculated that fruit intake might be positively associated with NAFLD owing to the fructose content of the fruit. This might cause consumers to hesitate consuming fruit. The aim of this study was to assess the association between fruit and vegetable consumption and NAFLD."
"AB The termination of cover crops in conventional no-till systems is mostly conducted mechanically in combination with herbicides. Combining flaming and roller crimpers could be a viable solution to avoid using herbicides for cover crop termination in farming systems where herbicides are banned, or at least to reduce their use in an integrated management approach. This research tested the effects of flaming used in combination with three different types of roller crimpers to terminate a fall-sown cover crop mixture of winter pea and barley. The cover crop termination rate was visually assessed in terms of percentage of green cover provided by cover crop plants at different intervals from the termination date, and estimated using a log-logistic non-linear regression model with four parameters. Machine performance data are also reported. The results show that, irrespective of the roller type, flaming significantly boosted the effect of the roller crimpers. In fact, an economic threshold for cover crop suppression of 85% was reached only when the rollers were used in combination with flaming. Nevertheless, none of the methods were able to reach the 100% of cover crop suppression. In some case, the combined use of flaming and roller crimpers allowed reaching the 90% of cover crop devitalisation, which happened six weeks after the termination date. More importantly, the use of flaming in combination with rollers shortened the time needed to achieve the estimated levels of devitalisation, compared with the rollers used alone. We conclude that flaming is an effective tool to increase the effectiveness of roller crimpers. Nevertheless, further research is needed to identify solutions to overcome the barrier of the high operational costs of flaming, which is constraining its wider adoption by farmers. Future studies could focus, for instance, on the development of a new prototype of combined machine for crimping and flaming the cover crops simultaneously, which could potentially reduce the operational costs."
"AB There is growing concern about the consequences of future urban expansion on carbon storage as our planet experiences rapid urbanization. While an increasing body of literature was focused on quantifying the carbon storage impact of future urban expansion across the globe, rare attempts were made from the comparative perspective on the same scale, particularly in Central Asia. In this study, Central Asian capitals, namely Ashkhabad, Bishkek, Dushanbe, Nur Sultan, and Tashkent, were used as cases. According to the potential impacts of BRI (Belt and Road Initiative) on urban expansion, baseline development scenario (BDS), cropland protection scenario (CPS), and ecological protection scenario (EPS) were defined. We then simulated the carbon storage impacts of urban expansion from 2019 to 2029 by using Google Earth Engine, the Future Land Use Simulation model, and the Integrated Valuation of Environmental Services and Tradeoffs model. We further explored the drivers for carbon storage impacts of future urban expansion in five capitals. The results reveal that Nur Sultan will experience carbon storage growth from 2019 to 2029 under all scenarios, while Ashkhabad, Bishkek, Dushanbe, and Tashkent will show a decreasing tendency. EPS and CPS will preserve the most carbon storage for Nur Sultan and the other four cities, respectively. The negative impact of future urban expansion on carbon storage will be evident in Ashkhabad, Bishkek, Dushanbe, and Tashkent, which will be relatively inapparent in Nur Sultan. The potential drivers for carbon storage consequences of future urban expansion include agricultural development in Bishkek, Dushanbe, and Tashkent, desert city development in Ashkhabad, and prioritized development of the central city and green development in Nur Sultan. We suggest that future urban development strategies for five capitals should be on the basis of differentiated characteristics and drivers for the carbon storage impacts of future urban expansion."
"AB In arid and semi-arid regions, the climatic impact on lakes is especially critical, as they are scarce and play an important role as a primary source of the water supply. However, in some extended regions with those climatic conditions, the implementation of an in-situ monitoring program of high temporal resolution of the water resources is not possible due to its logistics and costs. Thus, developing an accurate methodology to monitor the evolution of water bodies is especially critical in these areas. For example, with remote sensing images, lake area fluctuation can be analyzed. The main objective of this study was to identify an efficient remote sensing methodology, with a temporal resolution that allows for analyzing intra-annual lake area variations. For detecting lakes area changes six Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer (MODIS, National Aeronautics and Space Administration products) indexes and layers were analyzed and compared. We applied the methods to the Musters (deep) and Colhue Huapi (shallow) lakes, which are located in the extra-Andean Argentine Patagonia plains (semi-arid region). The MODIS products have not been accurate to detect the areal variations of the deep lake, probably because the spatial resolution of these images is not specific enough to identify the slight variation that these lakes usually have on the extension of their area. On the contrary, MODIS products have been accurate to analyze the areal changes of the shallow lake. The Colhue Huapi lake area fluctuated between 105 km(2) to 797 km(2). The Modified Normalized Difference Water Index (a combination of green and middle infrared electromagnetic spectrum), as well as two bands that include a different range of middle infrared surface reflectance (2105-2155 nm; 1628-1652 nm), were the most accurate to identify the variation of the lake area."
"AB The aim of the study is to compare the efficacy of SPIO as a tracer in sentinel node biopsy (SNB) in breast cancer with Tc and patent blue in a multicentre prospective study and perform a meta-analysis of all published studies. It also aims to follow skin discoloration after SPIO injection and describe when and how it resolves. Totally 206 patients with early breast cancer were recruited. Tc and patent blue were administered in standard fashion. Patients were injected with SPIO (Sienna+) preoperatively. SNB was performed and detection rates were recorded for both methods. Skin discoloration was followed and documented postoperatively. Data extraction and subsequent meta-analysis of all previous studies were also performed. SN detection rates were similar between standard technique succeeded and SPIO both per patient (97.1 vs. 97.6 %, p = 0.76) as well as per node (91.3 vs. 93.3 %, p = 0.34), something which was not affected by the presence of malignancy. Concordance rates were also consistently high (98.0 % per patient and 95.9 % per node). Discoloring was present in 35.5 % of patients postoperatively, almost exclusively in breast conservation. It fades slowly and is still detectable in 8.6 % of patients after 15 months. Meta-analysis depicted similar detection rates (p = 0.71) and concordance rates (p = 0.82) per patient. However, it seems that SPIO is characterized by higher nodal retrieval (p < 0.001). SPIO is an effective method for the detection of SN in patients with breast cancer. It is comparable to the standard technique and seems to simplify logistics. Potential skin discoloration is something of consideration in patients planned for breast conservation."
AB Problem considered: The burden of cardiovascular diseases (CVD) in India is increasing at an alarming rate for the last few decades.
"AB Portal hypertension is a major risk factor for hepatic failure or intestinal bleeding in patients with liver disease but cannot be measured indirectly. We attempted to comprehensively evaluate preoperative parameters of functional liver reserve that correlated with portal pressure (PP) in patients with various liver diseases. We examined 93 patients in whom portal pressure was directly measured during preoperative portal vein embolization (PVE) or operation. Background liver included chronic viral liver disease in 43 patients, obstructive jaundice in 29 patients, and normal liver in 21. Multivariate logistic analysis and linear regression analysis were applied to create a predictive formula for PP. Mean PP was 13.4 +/- 4.9 cm H2O, and PP was significantly associated with severity of liver injury, hepatic fibrosis, intraoperative blood loss, and post-hepatectomy morbidity (p<0.05 each). Mean PP after PVE (22.5 +/- 7.8 cm H2O) was significantly increased compared to that before embolization (13.1 +/- 4.7 cm H2O; p<0.01). Univariate analysis identified seven significant parameters of preoperative liver function associated with PP: indocyanine green (ICG) test result, liver uptake and clearance index (HH15) on Tc-99m-galactosyl serum albumin liver scintigraphy, total bilirubin level, prothrombin activity, and hyaluronate level. Using multiple linear regression analysis, the predictive formula using ICG and HH15 was as follows: Y (estimated PP)=0.273+0.086xICGR15+0.193xHH15. The calculated PP (11.5 +/- 4.6 cm H2O (-1.9 cm H2O)) was lower than true PP, which was significantly associated with post-hepatectomy morbidity (p<0.05). The correlation between true and calculated PP was weak, and prediction using the conventional liver functional parameters was limited at present and, however, estimating PP appears to be useful in evaluating portal hypertension and post-hepatectomy morbidity."
"AB This paper describes an approach piloted in the Kasserine region of Tunisia to increase the energy efficiency of the distribution of vaccines and temperature sensitive drugs. The objectives of an approach, known as the 'net zero energy' (NZE) supply chain were demonstrated within the first year of operation. The existing distribution system was modified to store vaccines and medicines in the same buildings and to transport them according to pre-scheduled and optimized delivery circuits. Electric utility vehicles, dedicated to the integrated delivery of vaccines and medicines, improved the regularity and reliability of the supply chains. Solar energy, linked to the electricity grid at regional and district stores, supplied over 100% of consumption meeting all energy needs for storage, cooling and transportation. Significant benefits to the quality and costs of distribution were demonstrated. Supply trips were scheduled, integrated and reliable, energy consumption was reduced, the recurrent cost of electricity was eliminated and the release of carbon to the atmosphere was reduced. Although the initial capital cost of scaling up implementation of NZE remain high today, commercial forecasts predict cost reduction for solar energy and electric vehicles that may permit a step-wise implementation over the next 7-10 years."
"AB This report provides CDC recommendations to U.S. health care providers regarding treatment, pre-exposure prophylaxis, and postexposure prophylaxis of plague. Yersinia pestis, the bacterium that causes plague, leads to naturally occurring disease in the United States and other regions worldwide and is recognized as a potential bioterrorism weapon. A bioweapon attack with Y. pestis could potentially infect thousands, requiring rapid and informed decision making by clinicians and public health agencies. The U.S. government stockpiles a variety of medical countermeasures to mitigate the effects of a bioterrorism attack (e.g., antimicrobials, antitoxins, and vaccines) for which the 21st Century Cures Act mandates the development of evidence-based guidelines on appropriate use. Guidelines for treatment and postexposure prophylaxis of plague were published in 2000 by a nongovernmental work group; since then, new human clinical data, animal study data, and U.S. Food and Drug Administration approvals of additional countermeasures have become available. To develop a comprehensive set of updated guidelines, CDC conducted a series of systematic literature reviews on human treatment of plague and other relevant topics to collect a broad evidence base for the recommendations in this report. Evidence from CDC reviews and additional sources were presented to subject matter experts during a series of forums. CDC considered individual expert input while developing these guidelines, which provide recommended best practices for treatment and prophylaxis of human plague for both naturally occurring disease and following a bioterrorism attack. The guidelines do not include information on diagnostic testing, triage decisions, or logistics involved in dispensing medical countermeasures. Clinicians and public health officials can use these guidelines to prepare their organizations, hospitals, and communities to respond to a plague mass-casualty event and as a guide for treating patients affected by plague."
"AB Background Studies validating indirect methods to identify nonadherence in chronic patients who visit pharmacies are lacking. The aim of this study was to validate self-reported adherence and assess the variables associated with both overestimation and underestimation of good adherence when using this method. Materials and methods An observational, cross-sectional study was undertaken to validate self-reported adherence in 132 community pharmacies throughout Spain in 6237 chronic patients. The Morisky-Green test was used as the validation method and through a 2 x 2 table, the validity indicators, predictive values, and likelihood ratios were calculated. To assess the variables associated with both overestimation and underestimation of good adherence, multivariate logistic regression analysis and calculation of the area under the ROC curve were used to evaluate discriminatory capacity. Results Sensitivity was 27.8% (95% CI: 26.2-29.4) and specificity was 93.9% (95% CI: 93.1-94.7). Discrepancy analysis obtained a significant overestimation of good adherence (p < 0.001). The factors associated with overestimating good adherence were performing a mnemonic trick (p < 0.001), not self-medicating (p < 0.001), a high level of physical activity (p < 0.001), and an older age (p = 0.014). Factors associated with underestimation were self-medication (p < 0.001), desiring more information (p < 0.001), smoking (p = 0.014), not engaging in physical activity in the low (p = 0.006) or high (p < 0.001) categories, having a younger mean age (p = 0.007), and taking two to three (p = 0.029) or four or more (p < 0.001) chronic treatments. Conclusion Self-reported adherence has good specificity but poor sensitivity. The associated profiles of the discrepancies were obtained to identify both good and poor adherence."
"AB Senescence is a key physiological process that can regulate crop grain yield. Patterns of leaf senescence and its association with grain yield for a short maturity maize hybrid were investigated in a factorial combination of two tillage treatments (conventional and no-till), three amounts of stubble (0, 3 and 5 t ha(-1)) and three N rates (0, 80 and 120 kg N ha(-1)) over three seasons in 2015 long rains, 2015/2016 short rains and 2016 long rains. Leaf senescence from flowering to harvest was assessed at (a) the whole-plant scale by the visual scoring of dry leaves and (b) the canopy-layer scale by measuring leaf greenness with a SPAD 502 chlorophyll meter. A bilinear model was used to quantify the patterns of senescence at the whole-plant scale. A logistic function was fitted to estimate the traits of senescence at three canopy layers (top, mid, bottom), including minimum and maximum SPAD, onset of senescence (EC90), time to loss of 50% maximum SPAD (EC50) and the rate of senescence in each layer. Nitrogen rate effect on patterns and traits of senescence were large and its interactions with stubble were more frequent than interactions between other treatments. Tillage and stubble amount had marginal effects. EC50 was delayed in the unfertilized controls compared with fertilized crops and was negatively correlated with grain yield. Rate of senescence was faster in fertilised crops compared with unfertilized controls at both whole-plant and canopy-layer scales. Grain yield, grain number and nitrogen remobilization efficiency were associated with faster rates of senescence in the top and mid leaves but with slower rates of senescence in the bottom layer leaves. We advance a sink-driven leaf senescence ideotype for high yield and efficient use of nitrogen for short maturity maize."
"AB Background/PurposeEarly detection of malignant melanoma is an important public health challenge. In the USA, dermatologists are seeing more melanomas at an early stage, before classic melanoma features have become apparent. Pink color is a feature of these early melanomas. If rapid and accurate automatic detection of pink color in these melanomas could be accomplished, there could be significant public health benefits."
AB ObjectivesThe Extended Mechanistic Growth Function (EMGF) method (Clementi et al. [1999]: Am J Med Genet 87:317-323) is a possible alternative to the Cole and Green LMS method ([1992] Stat Med 11:1305-1319) to construct cross-sectional anthropometric charts. It differs from the technique used by Kuczmarski et al. ([2002]: Vital Health Stat 11:1-190) to trace the CDC growth charts in that all centiles are simultaneously fitted with a single function. The aim of this study is to show how an EMGF model can be designed.
"AB Purpose This study empirically examined and investigated the relationship between sustainable manufacturing practices (SMPs) and performance of table water industry (TWI) in Nigeria. Design/methodology/approach Cross-sectional survey research design was adopted for this study. The population of this study covers all the registered table water firms in Delta and Edo states by National Agency for Food and Drug Administration and Control (NAFDAC). Convenience sampling, a nonprobability sampling method, was used in administering the questionnaire to selected table water firms in the two states used for the study. The sample can be considered as experimental group used for the research and analysis. Data collected through questionnaire administration were analyzed using descriptive statistics. Structural equation modeling (SEM) was used in estimating the research models, through the use of Analysis of Moment Structures (AMOS version 24) software. Findings The study found that SMPs are adopted by table water firms registered by NAFDAC. It was also found that sustainable packaging and waste management significantly influence the different dimensions of sustainable performance of table water firms. Practical implications The study recommends that table water producers should ensure they consistently adhere to NAFDAC standards after product registration and certification to make the products safe for consumption. Also, NAFDAC should promote a regulatory environment with appropriate incentives to table water firms that consistently comply with stipulated regulations that can promote the sustainability of the environment while any table water firms found engaging in unwholesome activities that can undermine the health status of consumers should be severely sanctioned. Originality/value The study provides a comprehensive analysis of sustainability practices in the Nigerian TWI by examining four manufacturing practices and how they impact on sustainability performance of the industry. The study will help to reinforce the need for stakeholders in the TWI to be more environmentally conscious."
"AB Introduction. Circulation microRNAs (miRNAs) perform as potential diagnostic biomarkers of many kinds of cancers. This study is aimed at identifying circulation miRNAs as diagnostic biomarkers in colon cancer. Methods. We conducted a weighted gene coexpression network analysis (WGCNA) in miRNAs to find out the expression pattern among circulation miRNAs by using a ""WGCNA"" package in R. Correlation analysis was performed to find cancer-related modules. Differentially expressed miRNAs (DEmiRs) in colon cancer were identified by a ""limma"" package in R. Hub gene analysis was conducted for these DEmiRs in the cancer-related modules by the ""closeness"" method in cytoscape software. Then, logistic regression was performed to identify the independent risk factors, and a scoring system was constructed based on these independent risk factors. Then, we use data from the GEO database to confirm the reliability of this scoring system. Results. A total of 9 independent coexpression modules were constructed based on the expression levels of 848 miRNAs by WGCNA. After correlation analysis, green (cor=0.77, p=3x10-25) and yellow (cor=0.65, p=6x10-16) modules were strongly correlated with cancer development. 20 hub genes were found after hub gene analysis in these DEmiRs by cytoscape. Among all these hub genes, hsa-miR-23a-3p (OR=2.6391, p=6.23x10-5) and hsa-miR-663a (OR=1.4220, p=0.0069) were identified as an independent risk factor of colon cancer by multivariate regression. Furthermore, a scoring system was built to predict the probability of colon cancer based on both of these miRNAs, the area under the curve (AUC) of which was 0.828. Data from GSE106817 and GSE112264 was used to confirm this scoring system. And the AUC of them was 0.980 and 0.917, respectively. Conclusion. We built a scoring system based on circulation hub miRNAs found by WGCNA to predict the development of colon cancer."
AB OBJECTIVE: To examine associations between housing instability and poor diet quality in a sample of urban parents and children.
AB Societal Impact Statement
"AB With the development of a strong bioeconomy sector related to the creation of next-generation biorefineries, heterogeneous catalysis is receiving renewed attention. Indeed, catalysis is at the core of biorefinery design, and many new catalysts and catalytic processes are being developed. On the one hand, they are based on knowledge acquired during the last century to efficiently upgrade fossil resources. On the other hand, they take advantage of the opportunity of having new substrates on which novel conversion technologies, derived from recent fundamental advances and new concepts developed in the field of heterogeneous catalysis, can be tested and applied. In this context, there is a global trend for establishing new courses,throughout the world to train students and professionals in the bioeconomy/ biorefinery sector. Such courses encompass many different fields in a multidisciplinary approach, including agronomy, logistics, life cycle assessment, biotechnologies, process design, economics, and, obviously, chemistry. For the last of these, a specific important role is given to catalysis, and more especially to heterogeneous catalysis. Such courses need to explain the basics of each scientific field involved before giving concrete examples of research/development. Among them, the aforementioned heterogeneous catalysis is an especially complex scientific field in which surface science, spectroscopy, thermodynamics, and other disciplines are intimately interwoven. While many references presenting specific aspects of catalysis can be found, concise documents encompassing all of the angles of this very rich field including its most recent developments and prospects, aimed at a readership already trained in chemistry are scarce. This paper gives a global and simple ""heterogeneous catalysis four"" to explain in a concise way what heterogeneous catalysis is without going into too much detail. The students who would like to know more about some specific aspects will find useful authoritative references in the text, making this paper a good introduction to all aspects of heterogeneous catalysis."
"AB Crop disease detection with remote sensing is a challenging area that can have significant economic and environmental impact on crop disease management. Spectroscopic remote sensing in the visible and near-infrared (NIR) region has the potential to detect crop changes due to diseases. Soybean cyst nematode (SCN) and sudden death syndrome (SDS) are two common soybean diseases that are extremely difficult to detect in the early stages under mild to moderate infestation levels. The objective of this research study was to relate leaf reflectance to disease conditions and to identify wavebands that best discriminated these crop diseases. A microplot experiment was conducted. Data collected included 800 leaf spectra, corresponding leaf chlorophyll content and disease rating of four soybean cultivars grown under different disease conditions. Disease conditions were created by introducing four disease treatments of control ( no disease), SCN, SDS, and SCN+SDS. Crop data were collected on a weekly basis over a 10-week period, starting from 71 days after planting (DAP). The correlation between disease rating and selected vegetation indices ( VI) were evaluated. Wavebands with the most disease discrimination capability were identified with stepwise linear discriminant analysis (LDA), logistic discriminant analysis (LgDA) and linear correlation analysis of pooled data. The identified band combinations were used to develop a classification function to identify plant disease condition. The best correlation (>0.8) between disease rating and VI occurred during 112 DAP. Both LDA and LgDA identified several bands in the NIR, red, green and blue regions as critical for disease discrimination. The discriminant models were able to detect over 80% of the healthy plants accurately under cross-validation but showed poor accuracy in discriminating individual diseases. A two-class discriminant model was able to identify 97% of the healthy plants and 58% of the infested plants as having some disease from the plant spectra."
"AB Background Medication Adherence (MA) and Health Related Quality of Life (HRQoL) are two inter-connected concepts, co-influenced by Health Literacy (HL), with significant impact on patient management and care. Thus, we aimed to estimate the association of HL and MA with HRQoL in IHD patients. Methods Cross-sectional study of 251 IHD patients recruited from Lahore over 6 months period. HL, MA and HRQoL was assessed using validated questionnaires; 16-items of HL, Morisky Green Levine Scale (MGLS) and SF-12, respectively. Chi-square for significance, logistic-regression for association and linear regression for predictions were used. Results IHD patients; males (p = 0.0001), having secondary-higher education (p = 0.0001), middle/upper class (p = 0.0001) and employed (p = 0.005) had adequate HL, and were more likely to be adherent (OR; 4.3, p = 0.014). Both physical (PCS-12) and mental (MCS-12) component scores of HRQoL for age, gender, education, area of residence, employment and MA were significantly higher in patients with adequate HL. In multinomial regression, improved PCS-12 scores tend to be higher in subjects having secondary-higher education (OR; 3.5, p = 0.067), employed (OR; 6.1, p = 0.002) and adherent (OR; 2.95, p = 0.218), while MCS-12 scores tend to be higher in patients < 65 years (OR; 2.2, p = 0.032), employed (OR; 3, p = 0.002) and adherent (OR; 4, p = 0.004). In adjusted model, HL (beta;0.383, p = 0.0001) and MA (beta; - 0.133, p = 0.018) were significantly associated with PCS-12, and MCS-12 with MA (beta; - 0.161, p = 0.009) only. Conclusion Data suggested that adequate HL was significantly associated with adherence and both physical and mental dimensions of HRQoL were higher in IHD patients with adequate HL. Besides, HL and MA are independent predictors of HRQoL in IHD patients."
"AB Primary objective of this study is to identify and investigate the determinants of multidimensional energy poverty incidence and severity for the case of Pakistan. Logistic regression estimates suggest that male-headed households have higher probability of being multidimensional energy poor, increase in the age and education level of the household head, and increase in latitude of household location decreases the probability of multidimensional energy poverty significantly, whereas, households receiving foreign remittances and situated at a closer distance from nearest market are less likely to be multidimensional energy poor. Quantile regression analysis helps to understand the determinants of multidimensional energy poverty severity in different (20-80th) quantiles of multidimensional energy poverty deprivation score. Increase in latitude and proximity of household from nearby store causes the household's multidimensional energy poverty score to significantly decrease for all quantiles. Our results further indicate that the households which received foreign remittances and experienced increase in annual income had attained a significant decrease in the multidimensional energy poverty severity. The improved house condition and its location in urban area significantly decreased the severity of multidimensional energy poverty in all quantiles. For sensitivity analysis, comparison of these estimates with ordinary least square estimates shows that it either over-predicts or under-predicts the effects of these factors owing to heterogeneity in the data. Quantile regression thus captures the complete variation in the distribution of the household multidimensional energy poverty scores. Estimates of different quantiles significantly vary except for the determinant of house ownership. New and flexible approaches based on provincial and regional differences can help policymakers at all government levels to alleviate multidimensional energy poverty while addressing energy access issue. Variations in impacts across quantiles also necessitate a dynamic strategy catering to the needs of lower and higher quantiles separately."
"AB Introduction: Completing urban freight deliveries is increasingly a challenge in congested urban areas, particularly when delivery trucks are required to meet time windows. Depending on the route characteristics, Electric Assist (EA) cargo bicycles may serve as an economically viable alternative to delivery trucks. The purpose of this paper is to compare the delivery route cost trade-offs between box delivery trucks and EA cargo bicycles that have the same route and delivery characteristics, and to explore the question, under what conditions do EA cargo bikes perform at a lower cost than typical delivery trucks?"
"AB In response to the growing number of older people living in cities, the World Health Organization (WHO) introduced the concept of ""Age-Friendly Cities"" (AFC) to guide the way in designing physical and social environments to encourage active ageing. Limited research has studied the effects of neighbourhood age-friendliness on elderly health outcomes. Using the example of a highly urbanized city in Asia, this study examined the effects of perceived age-friendliness of neighbourhood environments on self-rated health (SRH) among community-dwelling older Chinese. A multi-stage sampling method was used to collect views of community-dwelling older people from two local districts of Hong Kong. A structured questionnaire covering the WHO's eight AFC domains was developed to collect information on the perceived neighbourhood environments, SRH and individual characteristics. Age-friendliness of neighbourhood was assessed by mean scores of AFC domains, which was used to predict SRH with adjustment for individual and objective neighbourhood characteristics. Furthermore, 719 respondents aged >= 60 years completed the questionnaire, of which 44.5% reported good SRH. Independent of individual and objective neighbourhood characteristics, multiple logistics regressions showed that higher satisfaction on outdoor spaces and buildings, transportation, housing, social participation, and respect and social inclusion was significantly associated with increased odds of reporting good SRH by more than 20% (p < 0.05). Individuals aged 70-79 years, being female, lower education and residents of public or subsidized housing were less likely to report good SRH, after controlling for individual and neighbourhood characteristics. In addition to age, gender, education and housing type, AFC environments have important contributive influence on SRH, after controlling for individual and objective neighbourhood characteristics."
"AB The majority of developing countries are facing enormous challenges in implementing sustainable waste electrical and electronic equipment (e-waste) management systems. Informal e-waste management practices in Ghana have become a critical challenge to the government and the various stakeholders owing to its environmental and health impacts. However, the effort to implement e-waste formalization management practices has been threatened with many barriers. This study aims to identify and evaluate barriers and pathways to the implementation of e-waste formalization management systems in Ghana. A three-phase methodology consisting of the Delphi method, the hybrid best-worst method and the fuzzy TOPSIS technique is employed. The first phase involves extensive literature review and the use of the Delphi method to identify barriers, pathways, and data collection for e-waste formalization. In the second phase, the best-worst method was employed to analyze the relative weight and ranking of the barriers. The third phase involves the application of fuzzy TOPSIS to rank and prioritize pathways to e-waste formalization systems. Fuzzy logic was applied to handle the subjectivity of decision-makers' preferences. A sensitivity analysis was carried out to check the robustness of the framework and address any effect of bias. The outcome of the study indicates that economic and financial limitations are the most significant barriers to e-waste formalization. ""Setting up resourced environmental government agencies for effective monitoring and auditing at the regional levels for appropriate e-waste management practices"" is the most prominent pathway. The present study can potentially inform policy makers to develop systematic and strategic policies for the implementation of e-waste formalization management systems."
"AB Purpose Over the past several decades, studies regarding consumer satisfaction for organic food (OF) have increased along with the rise in OF consumption. However, empirical research into satisfaction for organic products with respect to conventional goods is still needed. Along this line, the purpose of this paper is to understand the role of information in children's satisfaction for organic and conventional fruit nectar."
"AB Crop growth stage is critical for making decisions in nutrient management and for evaluating crop productivity. In this study, a simple visible and near-infrared (V-NIR) camera system was developed for monitoring the leaf area index (LAI) and quantifying the quick growth stage (QGS) of Italian ryegrass. RAW format images in the red, green and NIR channels over two growing seasons of 2014-15 and 2015-16 were captured hourly each day by the V-NIR camera system installed in three Italian ryegrass fields at the farm of Hiroshima University. Multiple linear regression (MLR) models that predict the forage LAI from the imagery data were calibrated and validated, with high coefficient of determination (R-2 = 0.79) and low root-mean-square error (RMSE = 1.09) between the measured and predicted LAIs. The predicted LAI to which three vegetation indices were compared was fitted against a logistic model to extract forage QGS from smoothed time-series data under various micro meteorological and nutrient conditions. The result shows the time-series data of LAI can be applied for monitoring seasonal changes regardless of the environmental conditions. The RMSE of the predicted phenology dates against the field-measured LAI was 0.58 and 5.2 days for the start- and end-QGS, respectively, under the high yield condition in season 1. However, in season 2, only the start-QGS was identifiable, with an RMSE of 2.65 days under the nutritional stress condition. The forage LAI and QGS were predicted and identified with acceptable accuracy and reliability, which suggests that the V-NIR camera system can be employed as a cost-effective approach for monitoring seasonal changes in crop growth, aiding in better personalized crop and nutrient management."
AB Background: The purpose of this case series is to investigate the relationship between splenic thickness (ST) and postoperative outcomes after hepatic resection in hepatitis B virus (HBV)-associated hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) patients.
AB Background: Vertebral fractures (VFs) are the most common clinical manifestation of osteoporosis associated with high morbimortality. A personal/familiar history of fractures increases the risk of fractures. The purpose of this study is to identify possible molecular markers associated with osteoporotic VFs in elderly women from community.
"AB Purpose This study determined associations between diet quality measured by the Healthy Eating Index (HEI)-2015, physical performance, and successful selection following a U.S. Army Special Forces Assessment and Selection course characterized by arduous cognitive and physical demands. Methods The HEI-2015 scores were calculated from usual diet assessed with a Block food frequency questionnaire among 782 soldiers attending Special Forces Assessment and Selection. Differences in HEI-2015 scores according to demographics and physical performance were determined with analysis of variance. Differences in likelihood of selection according to HEI-2015 scores were determined with logistic regression. Models were adjusted for potential confounders: age, education, body mass index (BMI), duration and type of resistance training, and smoking. Results The HEI-2015 total score was higher among older soldiers (>= 25 yr), those with more education (>= some college), higher body mass index (>= 25), longer duration of resistance training (>= 400 min center dot wk(-1)), those that reported use of free weights, suspension training, Olympic lifting, and nonsmokers (P < 0.05). The HEI-2015 total score was higher among those with higher Army Physical Fitness Test (APFT) total scores, APFT sit-up score, APFT run score, and faster loaded road march times (P < 0.05). Those with higher HEI-2015 total scores were 75% (quartile 3 vs quartile 1: odds ratio, 1.75; 95% confidence interval, 1.09-2.81) and 65% (quartile 4 vs quartile 1: odds ratio, 1.65, 95% confidence interval, 1.03-2.65) more likely to be selected. Higher scores for total vegetables, greens and beans, seafood and plant protein, and refined grains, but lower sodium scores (indicating more sodium consumed), were associated with better physical performance (P < 0.05). Conclusions Dietary patterns that conform to federal dietary guidelines (except sodium) are associated with physical performance and Special Forces selection."
"AB Introduction: Current methods of evaluating adequacy of endovascular procedures are imperfect and do not always predict which patients will do well. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the role of real-time quantitative measurements of perfusion among patients with critical limb ischemia. Materials and Methods: Thirty-four patients with critical limb ischemia undergoing endovascular treatment were recruited. Perfusion Images of the foot were obtained pre and post successful angioplasty using an SPY Elite System (Novadaq Technologies, Ontario, Canada). Patients were followed for 6 months. Subsequently a logistic regression was performed to determine whether intraprocedural perfusion parameters predicted the odds of wound healing. Results: Twenty-nine patients had successful angioplasty. Median age was 69.5% +/- 8.3; 75% were men and 64% were diabetic. Rutherford stages were (4%-39%, 5%-57%, 6%-4%), and the average target limb ankle-brachial index (ABI) was 0.58 (SD 2.24). There was no significant correlation between the ABI and perfusion parameters. Inflow perfusion rate correlated significantly with Rutherford stage (Spearman rho 0.398, P = .036). After successful angioplasty 39% had a decrease in inflow rate and 57% had a decreased total inflow. In all, 25 patients completed 6 months of follow-up. Resolution of rest pain and/or healing of the ischemic wound occurred in 10 (40%) patients at 1 month, 4 (16%) at 3 months, and 2 (8%) at 6 months. One patient underwent a major amputation at 2 months. Eight (32%) patients never healed or had persistent rest pain. None of the real-time perfusion variables were significant predictors of wound healing. Conclusion: Many patients experience a paradoxical decrease in perfusion following successful angioplasty suggesting perfusion may not correlate with angiographic outcome, possibly due to microemboli, microvascular disease, or vasospasm. Real-time perfusion imaging following intra-arterial infusion of indocyanine green does not predict the odds of wound healing."
"AB In variable environments, animals can learn to alter their behavior to adjust to changes. Sometimes, however, this learning ability can be impaired. For example, challenges in the social or physical environment can trigger physiological responses that compromise an individual's capacity to learn and these can prevent the animal from modifying its behavior to cope with the altered environment. One such disruption that might affect learning ability is the isolation of an individual that would normally live in a social group. To investigate the effects of isolation on cognition, we tested whether social isolation impairs learning skills in a cichlid fish, Cichlasoma paranaense. Two treatments were compared, one with isolated individuals and another with fish housed as part of a social group. Cognition was assessed in terms of the fish learning to associate a visual landmark with an accessible food reward. Fish searched for a food reward in a T-maze: a green or a yellow visual landmark signaled which chamber contained accessible food. Learning was assumed when a fish was able to find the food in nine out of ten trials. All fish, regardless of treatment, found it challenging to reach the learning criterion, but fewer isolated fish (3 out of 15 fish) were likely to learn the task compared to fish housed socially (7 out of 14 fish) (Bayesian logistic regression with 95% of chance that the two treatments differ). The results therefore suggest that social isolation for a normally social species of fish can impair learning. Furthermore, given that fish sometimes need to be isolated to treat them in a specific way, or to monitor an individual's response during a test, our results suggest that there may be some welfare implications for the way we treat and use social species of fish in empirical studies. (C) 2015 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB Medical Supply chain network design is one of the crucial planning problems that if solved efficiently and effectively, can alleviate the dangers arising from the accumulation of wastes. Furthermore, the harmful effects of medical waste, with their infectious nature in the environment, have increased justifies the significance of this research. In this article, forward and reverse supply chain network design for consumer medical products is considered taking into account the biological risks. The proposed model has two objectives: first, maximizing the profit obtained from subtracting the costs from the revenues of the supply chain. Revenues are gained from selling medical supplies to hospitals and medical wastes to recycling centers, as well as getting the permission to use sterilize services from clinics lacking a sterilization center. The costs include activation cost of inventory, sterilization and collection centers, transportation cost, purchasing cost of medical supplies, municipality cost for destruction of medical waste, etc. The second objective is to reduce biological risks. The primary source of infectious medical supplies is from disposable supplies and equipment. Thus, the second objective function is to minimize the distance and travel time between the clinic and the sterilization center. The proposed model is implemented in hospitals in Tehran's 4th municipal district using the Bounded De Novo Programming approach which initially attempts to redesign rare sources of the problem. The issue has two types of resource and policy constraints. The policy constraints of the problem cannot be changed, which is why the bounded De Novo Programming approach is used to solve the problem. Redesigning the capacity of the sterilization center leads to the decrease of biological risks, and in addition to can causes to increasing profitability. Also, by raising the productivity of medical waste in the recycling process, the distribution center can receive more profits."
"AB Objective: To undertake a comprehensive scoping review of the literature to address the research question 'What is the current state of environmental sustainability in general dental practice?' To provide an effective baseline of data that will consider the drivers, opportunities and recommendations for the implementation of sustainable practice. Data & sources: The scoping review was conducted for all published literature in the English language that addresses this topic up to the 31st April 2021. The method of the PRISMA-ScR (PRISMA extension for Scoping Reviews was followed. 128 papers included in this scoping review consisted of: Commentary [Letters, editorials, communication and opinion] (n=39); Research (n=60); Literature reviews (n=25); Reports [Policy and legislation] (n=4). Each included record was analysed for emerging themes that were further classified according to their general relevance. The scoping review is considered over two manuscripts, with this second paper focusing on the opportunities, recommendations and best practice to develop and engage with sustainable practice. Conclusions: Drivers, opportunities and recommendations for best practice to achieve environmentally sustainable goals in oral health care: The lack of public and professional awareness is the greatest driver to engage with a positive change of behaviour and attitudes. Awareness through education is key at all levels and this should be the bedrock of future strategies. Reduction in staff and patient commuter travel through a reduction of the incidence of preventable oral diseases, improved patient care logistics and IT. Reducing waste and increase recycling opportunities, especially for SUPs. Engagement with legislation and policy makers. Engagement with key stakeholders across the dental materials/products supply chain for the management of manufacturing, distribution, procurement, clinical use and waste management."
"AB Background Emerging evidence links road proximity and air pollution with cognitive impairment. Joint effects of noise and greenness have not been evaluated. We investigated associations between road proximity and exposures to air pollution, and joint effects of noise and greenness, on non-Alzheimer's dementia, Parkinson's and Alzheimer's disease and multiple sclerosis within a population-based cohort. Methods We assembled administrative health database cohorts of 45-84 year old residents (N 678,000) of Metro Vancouver, Canada. Cox proportional hazards models were built to assess associations between exposures and non-Alzheimer's dementia and Parkinson's disease. Given reduced case numbers, associations with Alzheimer's disease and multiple sclerosis were evaluated in nested case-control analyses by conditional logistic regression. Results Road proximity was associated with all outcomes (e.g. non-Alzheimer's dementia hazard ratio: 1.14, [95% confidence interval: 1.07-1.20], for living < 50 m from a major road or < 150 m from a highway). Air pollutants were associated with incidence of Parkinson's disease and non-Alzheimer's dementia (e.g. Parkinson's disease hazard ratios of 1.09 [1.02-1.16], 1.03 [0.97-1.08], 1.12 [1.05-1.20] per interquartile increase in fine particulate matter, Black Carbon, and nitrogen dioxide) but not Alzheimer's disease or multiple sclerosis. Noise was not associated with any outcomes while associations with greenness suggested protective effects for Parkinson's disease and non-Alzheimer's dementia. Conclusions Road proximity was associated with incidence of non-Alzheimer's dementia, Parkinson's disease, Alzheimer's disease and multiple sclerosis. This association may be partially mediated by air pollution, whereas noise exposure did not affect associations. There was some evidence of protective effects of greenness."
"AB Rose VJ, Forney WM, Norton RA, Harrison JA. 2018. Catchment characteristics, water quality, and cyanobacterial blooms in Washington and Oregon Lakes. Lake Reserve Manage. 35:51-63 A cyanobacterial bloom (CB) model specifically developed as a screening tool for at-risk and affected lakes would benefit natural resource managers and scientists seeking cost-effective monitoring and mitigation measures to prevent blooms. We tested whether water quality, land use/land cover (LULC), and lake morphometry data could explain CB occurrence in a dataset containing 60 lakes and reservoirs in the Pacific Northwest United States using univariate and multiple logistic regressions. Of the explanatory variables evaluated by univariate regression, chlorophyll a concentration was most strongly associated with CB occurrence (pseudo-r(2) = 0.39). Other factors significantly related to CB occurrence included modeled dissolved inorganic phosphorus (DIP) yield, total phosphorus concentration (TP), ""mixed forest,"" ""developed - open space,"" and ""developed - low intensity"" (positive correlations), and water clarity, ""evergreen forest,"" and ""barren land"" (negative correlations). The best multiple regression model evaluated included the following independent variables: TP, ""drainage area,"" and ""developed - open space"" (AIC = 47.67, modified R-2 = 0.53). We selected the best performing univariate model to test for lakes at risk of developing CBs to highlight how simple models based on water quality and LULC factors may be valuable tools for conducting preliminary screenings as part of a monitoring program. Consistent with other studies, our findings suggest an important role for phosphorus in controlling CBs in the Pacific Northwest. Our study indicates that, in addition to more traditionally used water quality data, LULC variables and modeled DIP yield are strongly associated with CBs and may be valuable in the development of predictive models."
"AB Background: Asthma guidelines recommend considering patient preferences for inhaler choice. However, few studies have assessed the impact of patient satisfaction with an inhaler on adherence and health outcomes."
"AB OBJECTIVE. The purpose of this study was to assess radiologists' choice of imaging modality for the evaluation of clinical symptoms of physiologic nipple discharge (e.g., bilateral discharge, multiple-duct orifices, and yellow, green, or white color) and pathologic nipple discharge (e.g., unilateral discharge, single-duct orifices, spontaneous and serous discharge, and clear or bloodstained color)."
"AB Established supply chain management paradigms such as leanness, agility, and sustainability have received increased attention in the literature, but mainly as separate topics. However, while the importance of sustainability as a competitive priority has grown significantly in recent years, companies still try to reconcile the pressures of enhancing their supply chain efficiency and effectiveness. Thus, understanding what is the best way for companies to design and implement a system of practices that meets, on the one hand, the environmental and social requirements of a wide set of stakeholders and, on the other hand, the need to be lean (efficient and waste free) and/or agile (fast and flexible to the needs of the market place) is critical. Our paper develops a systematic literature review addressing the integration of lean, agile and sustainable supply chain management paradigms. 73 papers are analysed, deriving 6 types of integration between lean & sustainable and agile & sustainable supply chain paradigms. To achieve each type of integration, a set of practices are highlighted. Interestingly, the same practices can support different integration types. The paper discusses possible reasons behind these differences and provides future research directions. We suggest further studies should be devoted to investigating the agile sustainable paradigms integration more in depth as well as the effect of including social dimension when considering the integration between established and sustainable supply chain paradigms. Moreover, we address the lack of empirical studies and the need to take an evolutionary perspective when looking at the integration. Finally, we suggest developing conceptual and empirical studies on whether and how integration between paradigms is contingent upon the-strategic relevance of sustainability. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB As inputs to virtually all supply chains (SCs), mineral resources drive the modern economy. However, despite the substantial sustainability impact of the initial stages of mineral SCs, these remain largely outside the scope of sustainable supply chain management (SSCM). This paper aims to map the intersection of the literature on sustainability in mineral SCs and SSCM, thus bridging the current gap, and to propose research directions for future work. The paper presents a structured content-analysis based literature review of 67 peer-reviewed, English-language journal papers listed in the Web of Science database. These have been identified via a keyword search for SC-, mineral- and mining-specific terms. The content analysis is based on the work of Beske and Seuring (2014), which is abductively complemented with mineral SC-specific practices to build a comprehensive SSCM for minerals framework. Furthermore a contingency analysis is conducted to reveal association patterns between the used constructs. As main contribution, we propose the addition of a Government interventions category as well as mineral-specific practices to the Risk and Pro-activity management categories of the framework. These are identified as essential practices for improving the sustainability in mineral SCs. Moreover, a cascaded mineral SC design is proposed adopting literature based propositions. It complements the traditional downstream buyer-supplier concept in SSCM by adding a second buyer-supplier relationship led by an upstream focal firm for enhanced sustainability management. This design integrates mineral extraction and refinement into a comprehensive SSCM approach and proposes practices for its realization. The resulting approach thus offers the potential for supreme sustainability performance in mineral SCs. Finally, research directions for future studies on this issue are formulated. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB BACKGROUND: Blooms of marine phytoplankton may adversely affect human health. The potential public health impact of low-level exposures is not well established, and few prospective cohort studies of recreational exposures to marine phytoplankton have been conducted."
"AB Objective: The aim of this cross-sectional study was to examine the association between childhood obesity and modifiable population-level risk factors, after accounting for deprivation. Design: A review of the literature identified population-level risk factors including a healthy childcare setting, the local food environment, accessible open space, community safety and crime. Data for these risk factors were then identified and matched by each of the twenty-two local government areas in Wales to each child that had data on height and weight in the Wales Childhood Measurement Programme (CMP) (2012-2017). Multivariable logistic regression was used to identify associations with childhood obesity. Setting: The current study was undertaken in Wales, UK, where approximately one in eight 4-5-year-olds are classified as obese. Participants: All participants were children aged 4 or 5 years who attend school, measured as part of the CMP, between 2012 and 2017 (n 129 893, mean age 5 center dot 0 (sd 0 center dot 4) years). Results: After adjusting for deprivation, small but statistically significant associations were found between childhood obesity and percentage of land available as accessible open space OR 0 center dot 981 (95 % CI: 0 center dot 973, 0 center dot 989) P < 0 center dot 001) and density of fast food outlets OR 1 center dot 002 (95 % CI 1 center dot 001, 1 center dot 004, P = 0 center dot 001). No other population-level risk factors were associated with childhood obesity. Conclusions: The current study indicates that, even after accounting for deprivation, risk factors such as the density of fast food outlets and access to green space should be considered when tackling childhood obesity as a public health issue."
"AB Land Use and Land Cover (LULC) changes have profound impacts on the functioning of (agro)ecosystems and have potential to mitigate global climate change. However, we still lack interdisciplinary methods to project future LULC scenarios at spatial scales that are relevant for local decision making and future environmental assessments. Here we apply an interdisciplinary approach to develop spatially explicit projections of LULC at a resolution of 30 x 30 m informed by historic relationships between LULC and their key drivers, within the context of the four qualitative scenarios of global shared socioeconomic pathways. We apply this methodology to a case study in the Zona da Mata, Brazil, which has a history of major LULC changes. The analysis of LULC changes from 1986 to 2015 indicates that pasture area decreased from 76 to 58 % of total area, while forest areas increased from 18 to 24 %, and coffee from 3 to 11 %. Environmental protection legislation, rural credit for smallholder farmers, and demand for agricultural and raw products were identified as main drivers of LULC changes. Projected LULC for 2045 strongly depends on the global socioeconomic pathway scenarios, and forest and coffee areas may increase substantially under strong government measures in the environmentally conscious Green Road scenario or decrease in the high consumption Rocky Road scenario. Our study shows that under the set of drivers during the past three decades reforestation can go hand in hand with increase of agricultural production, but that major and contrasting changes in LULC can be expected depending on the socioeconomic pathway that will be followed in the future. To guide this process, LULC scenarios at the local scale can inform the planning of local and regional development and forest conservation."
"AB Background & aims: Oxidative stress has been suggested to play an important role in the pathophysiology of depression, and a diet high in antioxidants may improve mood. However, studies addressing this issue are scarce. The aim of this cohort study was to investigate the prospective association between dietary non-enzymatic antioxidant capacity (NEAC) in overall diet and depressive symptoms in Japanese employees. Additionally, we examined the association separated by dietary NEAC sources."
"AB The aim of the present study was to explore the influence of tea consumption on diabetes mellitus in the Chinese population. This multi-centre, cross-sectional study was conducted in eight sites from south, east, north, west and middle regions in China by enrolling 12 017 subjects aged 20-70 years. Socio-demographic and general information was collected by a standardised questionnaire. A standard procedure was used to measure anthropometric characteristics and to obtain blood samples. The diagnosis of diabetes was determined using a standard 75-g oral glucose tolerance test. In the final analysis, 10 825 participants were included and multiple logistic models and interaction effect analysis were applied for assessing the association between tea drinking with diabetes. Compared with non-tea drinkers, the multivariable-adjusted OR for newly diagnosed diabetes were 0 center dot 80 (95 % CI 0 center dot 67, 0 center dot 97), 0 center dot 88 (95 % CI 0 center dot 71, 1 center dot 09) and 0 center dot 86 (95 % CI 0 center dot 67, 1 center dot 11) for daily tea drinkers, occasional tea drinkers and seldom tea drinkers, respectively. Furthermore, drinking tea daily was related to decreased risk of diabetes in females by 32 %, elderly (>45 years) by 24 % and obese (BMI > 30 kg/m(2)) by 34 %. Moreover, drinking dark tea was associated with reduced risk of diabetes by 45 % (OR 0 center dot 55; 95 % CI 0 center dot 42, 0 center dot 72; P < 0 center dot 01). The results imply that drinking tea daily was negatively related to risk of diabetes in female, elderly and obese people. In addition, drinking dark tea was associated with decreased risk of type 2 diabetes mellitus."
"AB Purpose The purpose of this paper is to comprehensively review the vast literature on sustainable supply chain management (SSCM), with the specific objective of a thematic exploration of the literature in order to explicate the principal facets of SSCM development."
AB Objectives: Ischemic complications (ICs) account for 6.7% after microsurgical clipping of unruptured intracranial aneurysms. This study aimed to evaluate the efficacy of somatosensory evoked potential (SSEP) monitoring during microsurgical clipping of unruptured middle cerebral artery (MCA) aneurysms and evaluate the incidence of and risk factors for ischemic complications after clipping of unruptured MCA aneurysms.
"AB Background/purpose: Khat chewing, a green leaf with amphetamine effects, is a public health concern. Yet, it is prevalent and evident, in the khat belt region, among male students in health faculties. This study aimed to examine whether psychosocial factors have a protective impact on khat chewing among male dental and medical students."
"AB Background: Nonadherence rates among people with epilepsy (PWE) are widely variable, ranging from 26% to 95.4%. We aimed to identify nonadherence in Brazil, its determinant factors, its impact on patients' management, and to compare it with other chronic nonparoxysmal diseases."
"AB Collaboration between companies in transportation problems seeks to reduce empty running of vehicles and to increase the use of vehicles' capacity. Motivated by a case study in the food supply chain, this paper examines a lateral collaboration between a leading retailer (LR), a third party logistics provider (3 PL) and different producers. Three collaborative strategies may be implemented simultaneously, namely pickup-delivery, collection and cross-docking. The collaborative pickup-delivery allows an entity to serve customers of another in the backhaul trips of the vehicles. The collaborative collection allows loads to be picked up at the producers in the backhauling routes of the LR and the 3 PL, instead of the traditional outsourcing. The collaborative cross-docking allows the producers to cross-dock their cargo at the depot of another entity, which is then consolidated and shipped with other loads, either in linehaul or backhaul routes. The collaborative problem is formulated with three different objective functions: minimizing total operational costs, minimizing total fuel consumption and minimizing operational and CO2 emissions costs. The synergy value of collaborative solutions is assessed in terms of costs and environmental impact. Three proportional allocation methods from the literature are used to distribute the collaborative gains among the entities, and their limitations and capabilities to attend fairness criteria are analyzed. Collaboration is able to reduce the global fuel consumption in 26% and the global operational costs in 28%, independently of the objective function used to model the problem. The collaborative pickup-delivery strategy outperforms the other two in the majority of instances under different objectives and parameter settings. The collaborative collection is favoured when the ordering loads from producers increase. The collaborative cross-docking tends to be implemented when the producers are located close to the depot of the 3 PL. (C) 2020 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Background: Nipple-sparing mastectomy offers several advantages for women seeking postmastectomy breast reconstruction, but compromised skin and nipple perfusion may lead to skin and nipple necrosis. It is unclear whether the incisional approach contributes to these complications; therefore, the purpose of this study was to compare the impact of incision type on outcomes in patients undergoing nipple-sparing mastectomy."
AB Background Nonadherence (NAd) to antihypertensive medication is associated with lack of blood pressure control and worsened long-term outcomes. Increased access to a programme for high-risk cardiovascular patients has the potential to reduce NAd and improve clinical outcomes. We evaluated implementation NAd prevalence and risk factors among severely hypertensive patients after 12-month-long access to secondary healthcare centres.
"AB In recent years, with the rapid development of China's logistics industry and urban service industry, electric bicycles have gradually become an important means of transportation in cities due to their flexibility, green technology, and low operating costs. Because electric bicycles travel though motor vehicle lanes and nonmotor vehicle lanes, the conflict between motor and nonmotor vehicles has become increasingly prominent, and the safety situation is not optimistic. However, most theories and models of mixed traffic flow are based on motor vehicles and bicycles and few involve electric bicycles. To explore the traffic safety situation in an urban mixed traffic environment, this paper first uses cellular automata (CA) to establish a three-strand mixed traffic flow model of motor vehicles, electric bicycles, and bicycles and verifies the reliability of the model by using a MATLAB simulation based on the actual survey data. Then, using the technology of traffic conflicts and the conflict rate as the index to evaluate the traffic safety situation, the change in the conflict rate with different road occupancies and different proportional coefficients of motor vehicles is studied. In the end, the conflict rate is compared between the mixed traffic flow and the setting of a physical isolation divider, which provides some suggestions on when to set a physical isolation divider to separate motor vehicles from nonmotor vehicles. The results show that in a mixed traffic environment, the conflict rate first increases and then decreases with increasing road occupancy and reaches a peak when the road occupancy is 0.6. In addition, in mixed traffic environments, the conflict rate increases with an increasing proportional coefficient of the motor vehicle. When the road occupancy rate is within the range of [0.6, 0.9] or when the proportional coefficient of motor vehicle is between [0.8, 0.9], a physical isolation divider can be set to separate motor vehicles and nonmotor vehicles from the space to improve traffic safety."
"AB Objective: Intake of antioxidants may reduce the risk for type 2 diabetes (T2D) by reducing oxidative stress. However, it is unclear whether dietary non-enzymatic antioxidant capacity (NEAC), which represents the cumulative action of dietary antioxidants and their synergistic effects in foods, is associated with decreased T2D risk. The aim of this study was to investigate the associations between dietary NEAC and T2D."
"AB Aim: It has been reported that a great proportion of mental health disorders have an origin in early childhood. In order to evaluate factors possibly associated with children's health, the health monitoring units have been established since 2004 in six study regions in Bavaria, Germany. The second health monitoring survey, implemented in 2005-06, focuses on the mental health status of preschool children. The goal of this study is (1) to examine the association of sociodemographic and environmental factors with mental health and (2) to analyze the applicability of the results of the health monitoring units to all preschool children in Bavaria by calculating weighting factors."
"AB Background. Iron deficiency anaemia remains a major nutritional problem among adolescents in India. The weekly iron and folic acid supplementation programme was launched in Kerala in 2013-14. We aimed to estimate the prevalence of anaemia among schoolchildren in Kollam district, Kerala and determine the associated factors."
"AB Large-scale and population-wide monitoring of waders on their boreal and arctic breeding grounds has hitherto been lacking, mainly because logistics are truly challenging in regions with few ornithologists, vast areas and few roads. In Norway, Sweden and Finland (here 'Fennoscandia') there are now national monitoring schemes in place, aimed at tracking all bird species, which allows trends to be estimated for northern wader populations. We present joint Fennoscandian population trends for 24 wader species, covering the period 2002-2013 (in some cases somewhat shorter time periods). The data stem from 1263 routes in Norway, Finland, and the northern two thirds of Sweden, all situated north of 58 degrees N. This area of one million km(2) largely coincides with the boreal and arctic parts of Fennoscandia. The trends found are rather evenly distributed between strong increases and strong declines. Trends do not differ between short-and long-distance migrants, nor do they vary in relation to breeding latitude. Ringed Plover Charadrius hiaticula, Wood Sandpiper Tringa glareola, Green Sandpiper T. ochropus and Common Redshank T. totanus had significant positive trends, whereas Common Snipe Gallinago gallinago, Ruff Philomachus pugnax and Spotted Redshank Tringa erythropus were declining significantly in numbers. Trends could be calculated even for relatively uncommon breeding birds such as Temminck's Stint Calidris temminckii, Eurasian Dotterel Chara drius morinellus, Broad-billed Sandpiper Limicola falcinellus, Jack Snipe Lymno cryptes minimus and Red-necked Phalarope Phalaropus lobatus, although these trends build on few routes and individuals, and thus have low precision. The monitoring schemes in Norway and Finland are expected to increase in coverage in the coming years, with up to a total of 1555 northern routes being tracked when the schemes are fully developed. This should enable still more robust trend estimates for northern waders on their Fennoscandian breeding grounds to be calculated in the future."
"AB Objective: Drivers' incorrect decisions of crossing signalized intersections at the onset of the yellow change may lead to red light running (RLR), and RLR crashes result in substantial numbers of severe injuries and property damage. In recent years, some Intelligent Transport System (ITS) concepts have focused on reducing RLR by alerting drivers that they are about to violate the signal. The objective of this study is to conduct an experimental investigation on the effectiveness of the red light violation warning system using a voice message."
"AB Background: Preterm birth (PTB) is the leading cause of newborn death and the second cause of mortality among under-five children. Globally, about 15 million infants are born preterm every year. However, there is a lack of data on the nutritional-related predictors of preterm birth among Ethiopian women. The objective of the study was to identify nutritional-related predictors of preterm birth among women who gave birth at North Shewa public Hospitals in central Ethiopia."
"AB Background: The data of anti-FXa-IIa activity detection in Asian population is insufficient, and its potential role for drug adherence evaluation in patients with direct oral anticoagulants (DOACs) remains unclear. This study carried out multi-center anti-FXa-IIa activity detection in Asian, aiming to explore its applicability in Asian population and find its role in adherence evaluation."
"AB Background Adherence to treatment, a public health issue, is of particular importance in chronic disease therapies. Primary care practices offer ideal venues for the effective care and management of these conditions. The aim of this study is to assess adherence to treatment and related-factors among patients with chronic conditions in primary care settings. Methods A cross-sectional study was conducted among 299 adult patients with >= 1 chronic condition(s) and prescribed medication in primary healthcare centers of Spain. The Morisky-Green-Levine questionnaire was used to assess medication adherence via face-to-face interviews. Crude and adjusted multivariable logistic regression models were used to analyze factors associated with adherence using the Multidimensional Model proposed by the World Health Organization - social and economic, healthcare team and system-related, condition-related, therapy-related, and patient-related factors. Results The proportion of adherent patients to treatment was 55.5%. Older age (adjusted odds ratio 1.31 per 10-year increment, 95% CI 1.01-1.70), lower number of pharmacies used for medication refills (0.65, 95% CI 0.47-0.90), having received complete treatment information (3.89, 95% CI 2.09-7.21), having adequate knowledge about medication regimen (4.17, 95% CI 2.23-7.80), and self-perception of a good quality of life (2.17, 95% CI 1.18-4.02) were independent factors associated with adherence. Conclusions Adherence to treatment for chronic conditions remained low in primary care. Optimal achievement of appropriate levels of adherence through tailored multifaceted interventions will require attention to the multidimensional factors found in this study, particularly those related to patients' education and their information needs."
AB Objective: This study explored the correlations between the use of complementary and integrative therapies (CITs) and symptoms among Turkish patients with familial Mediterranean fever (FMF).
"AB Background/objectives Conflicting results have been reported on the association of cruciferous vegetable intake and colorectal cancer risk. This study aimed to clarify the relationship of cruciferous vegetables and colorectal cancer among individuals in Northeast China, where large amounts of cruciferous vegetables are consumed habitually."
"AB While efforts to standardize urban forest inventory data have occurred, the information collected from community to community remains quite variable. In this study, we conducted a global review of peer-reviewed and published research that collected tree inventory data to assess what information is being collected. In addition to this review, we also present results from national surveys conducted in the United States and Sweden that specifically asked urban forest managers about how their inventories informed their urban forest management efforts. In the literature review, tree species and stem diameter were the most collected structural parameters and planning and estimation of ecological services were the most common research objectives. The surveys conducted in Sweden and the USA found communities commonly collected records about tree species, diameter, and condition and that inventories were more common as community size increased. Street and park tree inventories were the most common inventories. Inventories of public trees on greenbelts and woodlots were less common and private tree inventories were relatively uncommon. Additionally, professional staff and consultants were more likely to collect inventory data than interns and volunteers in both countries. Despite these similarities, significant differences exist between the USA and Sweden, with several parameters (i.e., adoption a management plan, presence of an inventory, collection of inventory data digitally, collection of tree planting/removal records) being more common in the USA ? possibly reflecting a longer history of urban tree management in the latter country. In modelling the survey results from Sweden and the USA, we found that having a strategic plan, a governance mechanism (tree board), financial resources (per capita budget), and the adoption of greater systematic care of trees were significant predictors the presence of an inventory. Study results also suggest that having a tree inventory reflects the advancement of an urban forestry program along a continuum of initial program adoption to more fully developed and sustained urban forestry program."
"AB This paper provides an overview of the evolution and state-of-the-art of the Operations Research and Management Science (OR/MS) subject area from 1956 to 2019. Using text mining techniques on the content of the title, abstract, and author keywords of papers classified by the Web of Science as literature review studies in OR/MS, we found that there are 76 topical consolidated clusters in the field covering a wide range of reviewed topics. Since 2015, reviews on supply chain risk management and big data analytics have had the highest impact in the field, whereas topics such as Industry 4.0, socio-technical systems, social networks, green supply, sustainable supply chain, and resilience engineering have all received significant attention from researchers. Reviews on analytic hierarchy process were found to be the most impactful overall, showing the high relevance of multi-criteria decision making in the current research and practice contexts. Furthermore, a text mining analysis of the papers citing OR/MS literature reviews showed that optimization continues to be one of the most highly influential methodological contributions of OR/MS to other research areas and that topics such as circular economy, carbon emissions, and social commerce have yet to find some traction in OR/MS research, suggesting future research and multidisciplinary opportunities for the field. Results also show that the research area of Public Administration has been greatly influenced by OR/MS reviews as 16% of all the papers published in that field have cited at least one of the 1744 review papers included in this study. Finally, a summary table of published structured literature reviews per topic (benchmarks, classifications, taxonomies) is presented as a short bibliography of OR/MS review papers. (C) 2020 The Author (s). Published by Elsevier Ltd."
"AB E-waste problem is putting pressure on environmental agencies, government, original equipment manufacturers of developing nations like India to adopt, develop and innovate environment friendly e-waste mitigation strategies, with the objective to manage and control the ever growing threat of e-waste to the environment, society and human health. Moreover, increasing producer responsibility, informal recycling practices and disposal issues have given attention to adopt mitigation strategies for successful implementation of e-waste management system. This study acknowledges the critical strategies to recover resources along with processing and treatment of toxic and hazardous component of e-waste mitigation and management which is immediate and existing challenge for India. A combined framework based on Grey concept and DEMATEL technique has been proposed in this work to determine the interdependence among the e-waste mitigation strategies (MS) by cause/effect analysis. This study has revealed that 'top management initiation and commitment towards return management' is the most imperative and driving strategy in the e-waste management and control. It also influences the other existing strategies. This work has also highlighted that e-waste mitigation can be effective if it concentrates on effective implementation of e-waste policy, directives and regulations such as extended producer responsibility (EPR), advance recycling fee (ARF) etc., technological and green innovations in recycling network and strategic alliance among supply chain partners and e-waste recyclers (in-house and outsource service provider) in Indian scenario in the management of e-waste issues. The cause-effect relationships are helpful to the managers, Government agencies and policy makers to learn crucial causal strategies that require imperative emphasis in dealing with e-waste issues in India. Sensitivity analysis was also conducted to test the robustness of the proposed framework. (C) 2020 Published by Elsevier Ltd."
"AB Electric bicycles (e-bicycles) are a primary means of commuting in China because of their light weight, speed, and low maintenance costs. Owing to short service life and environmental pollution hazards, recycling and reuse of e-bicycle batteries has always been a focus of industry and academia. As a typical case of both production and use of large electric bicycles, 113 major sellers, 378 corporate and individual buyers, 147 large e-bicycle repair centers, and 1317 e-bicycle owners in Xuzhou City were investigated in order to understand the sales, use, recycling, and disposal of spent e-bicycle batteries. The findings show that the existing distempered recycling system is the main limitation of spent battery recovery, and the actual recovery rate of spent batteries is lower than the estimated output (QW) for the years 2011-2014. Electric bicycle sellers play a fundamental role in the collection of spent batteries in Xuzhou, accounting for 42.3 +/- 8.3% of all batteries recovered. The widespread use of lithium batteries in recent years has resulted in a reduction in spent battery recycling because of lower battery prices. Furthermore, consumer preferences are another important factor affecting the actual recovery rate according to survey results evaluated using canonical correspondence analysis. In this paper, we suggest that a reverse logistics network system for spent battery recycling should be established in the future; in addition, enhancing producer responsibility, increasing publicity, raising of public awareness, developing green public transport, and reducing dependence on e-bicycles also should be pursued. This study seeks to provide guidance for planning construction and management policies for an effective spent battery recycling system in China and other developing countries. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
AB Background
"AB Road freight transportation accounts for a significant share of the worldwide CO2-Emissions, indicating that respective operations are not sustainable. Regarding the forecasted increase in CO2-Emissions from this sector, undertaking responsibilities for its environmental impact are needed. Although technical and strategic solutions to reduce emissions have been introduced, or are in development, these rarely yield instant emission reduction potentials. A strategic approach to reducing them instantly, based on the given infrastructure and existing vehicle fleet, may be achieved through route optimization. Route optimization is a well-researched topic in the transportation domain. However, it is mainly used to reduce transportation times and expenses. Rising expectations towards sustainability by authorities and consumers led to an increased interest in route optimization in which environmental externalities, such as fuel consumption and CO2-Emissions are minimized. This paper introduces a Geographic Information System (GIS) based 3D-Routing-Model, which incorporates models to estimate vehicle fuel consumption while taking effects, such as road inclination and varying velocities into account. The proposed model utilizes a Digital Elevation Model (DEM) to enrich a road network with elevation data. The 3D-Routing-Model is applied in different distribution scenarios within the framework of an artificial company in the Lisbon Metropolitan Area, Portugal to evaluate the effects of road inclination on vehicles fuel consumption and its proportional CO2-Emissions. Results indicate that eco-friendly routes can yield significant fuel and emission saving potentials of up to 20% in the tested scenarios. However, eco-friendly routes are characterized by longer distances as well as operation times, which leads to increased expenses. The question remains if companies within the transportation sector are more interested in maximizing their profits, or investing in a sustainable future."
"AB There are many methods to assess liver function, but none of them has been verified as fully effective. The purpose of this study is to establish a comprehensive method evaluating perioperative liver reserve function (LRF) in patients with primary liver cancer (PLC)."
"AB Background: Periodontitis is a result of a complex biologic alteration of the periodontal microenvironment and a distributional shift of key periodontal pathogens. Metabolic syndrome (MetS), a complex cluster of cardiovascular risk factors, has been linked to periodontal diseases; however, the contribution of periodontal bacteria to systemic conditions remains unclear."
"AB Composite metrics integrating park availability, features, and quality for a given address or neighborhood are lacking. The purposes of this study were to describe the validation, application, and demonstration of ParkIndex in four diverse communities. This study occurred in Fall 2018 in 128 census block groups within Seattle(WA), Brooklyn(NY), Raleigh(NC), and Greenville County(SC). All parks within a half-mile buffer were audited to calculate a composite park quality score, and select households provided data about use of proximal parks via an online, map-based survey. For each household, the number of parks, total park acreage, and average park quality score within one half-mile were calculated using GIS. Logistic regression was used to identify a parsimonious model predicting park use. ParkIndex values (representing the probability of park use) were mapped for all study areas and after scenarios involving the addition and renovation/improvement of parks. Out of 360 participants, 23.3% reported visiting a park within the past 30 days. The number of parks (OR = 1.36, 95% CI = 1.15-1.62), total park acreage (OR = 1.13, 95% CI = 1.07-1.19), and average park quality score (OR = 1.04, 95% CI = 1.01-1.06) within one half-mile were all associated with park use. Composite ParkIndex values across the study areas ranged from 0 to 100. Hypothetical additions of or renovations to study area parks resulted in ParkIndex increases of 22.7% and 19.2%, respectively. ParkIndex has substantial value for park and urban planners, citizens, and researchers as a common metric to facilitate awareness, decision-making, and intervention planning related to park access, environmental justice, and community health."
"AB Rapid and revolutionary changes in technology and rising demand for consumer electronics have led to staggering rates of accumulation of electrical and electronic equipment waste, viz., WEEE or e-waste. Consequently, e-waste has become one of the fastest growing municipal solid waste streams in the United States making its efficient management crucial in supporting the efforts to create and sustain green cities. Accurate estimations on the amount of e-waste might help in increasing the efficiency of waste collection, recycling and disposal operations that have become more complicated and unpredictable. Early work focusing on prediction of e-waste generation includes a wide range of methodologies. Among these, grey forecasting models have drawn attention due to their capability to provide meaningful results with relatively small-sized or limited data. The performance of grey models heavily rely on their parameters. The purpose of this study is to present a novel forecasting technique for e-waste predictions with multiple inputs in presence of limited historical data. The proposed nonlinear grey Bernoulli model with convolution integral NBGMC(1,n) improved by Particle Swarm Optimization (PSO) demonstrates superior accuracy over alternative forecasting models. The proposed model and its findings are delineated with the help of a case study utilizing Washington State e-waste data. The results indicate that population density has a major impact on the generated e-waste followed by household income level. The findings also show that the e-waste generation forms a saturated distribution in Washington State. These results can help decision makers plan for more effective reverse logistics infrastructures that would ensure proper collection, recycling and disposal of e-waste. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
AB Background. Exposure to the natural environment may improve health behaviors and mental health outcomes such as increased levels of physical activity and lower levels of depression associated with sleep quality. Little is known about the relationship between insufficient sleep and the natural environment.
"AB Background Laparoscopic cholecystectomy (LC) is the most common elective abdominal surgery in the USA, with over 750,000 performed annually. Fluorescent cholangiography (FC) using indocyanine green dye (ICG) permits identification of extrahepatic biliary structures to facilitate dissection without requiring cystic duct cannulation. Achieving the ""critical view of safety"" with assistance of ICG cholangiogram may support identification of anatomy, safely reduce conversion to open procedures, and decrease operative time. We assess the utility of FC with respect to anatomic visualization during LC and its effects on patient outcomes. Methods A retrospective review of a prospectively maintained database identified patients undergoing laparoscopic cholecystectomy at a single academic center from 2013 to 2019. Exclusion criteria were primary open and single incision cholecystectomy. Patient factors included age, sex, BMI, and Charlson Comorbidity Index. Outcomes included operative time, conversion to open procedure, length of stay (LOS), mortality rate, and 30-day complications. A multivariable logistic regression was performed to determine independent predictors for open conversion. Results A total of 1389 patients underwent laparoscopic cholecystectomy. 69.8% were female; mean age 48.6 years (range 15-94), average BMI 29.4 kg/m(2)(13.3-55.6). 989 patients (71.2%) underwent LC without fluorescence and 400 (28.8%) underwent FC with ICG. 30-day mortality detected 2 cases in the non-ICG group and zero with ICG. ICG reduced operative time by 26.47 min per case (p < 0.0001). For patients with BMI >= 30 kg/m(2), operative duration for ICG vs non-ICG groups was 75.57 vs 104.9 min respectively (p < 0.0001). ICG required conversion to open at a rate of 1.5%, while non-ICG converted at a rate of 8.5% (p < 0.0001). Conversion rate remained significant with multivariable analysis (OR 0.212,p = 0.001). A total of 19 cases were aborted (1.35%), 8 in the ICG group (1.96%) and 11 in the non-ICG group (1.10%), these cases were not included in LC totals. Average LOS was 0.69 vs 1.54 days in the ICG compared to non-ICG LCs (p < 0.0001), respectively. Injuries were more common in the non-ICG group, with 9 patients sustaining Strasberg class A injuries in the non-ICG group and 2 in the ICG group. 1 CBDI occurred in the non-ICG group. There was no significant difference in 30-day complication rates between groups. Conclusion ICG cholangiography is a non-invasive adjunct to laparoscopic cholecystectomy, leading to improved patient outcomes with respect to operative times, decreased conversion to open procedures, and shorter length of hospitalization. Fluorescence cholangiography improves visualization of biliary anatomy, thereby decreasing rate of CBDI, Strasberg A injuries, and mortality. These findings support ICG as standard of care during laparoscopic cholecystectomy."
"AB Background Maternal nutrition during pregnancy has a significant effect on the health of the offspring and mother, highlighting the need for identifying factors that may affect diet during pregnancy. Research in nonpregnant and pregnant populations suggest depression may play a role."
"AB Background: Although geriatric depression is prevalent, diagnosis using self-reporting instruments has limitations when measuring the depressed mood of older adults in a community setting. Ecological momentary assessment (EMA) by using wearable devices could be used to collect data to classify older adults into depression groups."
"AB Background: Pollen is an important aeroallergen that triggers asthma exacerbations in children, but we know little about the impact of different pollen types in cities with varying climatic conditions and pollen seasons."
"AB Purpose - This study aims to explore the relationships among institutional pressures, commitment of resources and returns management. Returns management is regarded as a part of supply chain management. However, the research in returns management has received much less attention. To bridge the gap, this study concerns key concepts from two important schools of thought, i.e. institutional theory and the resource-based view, to build up the research model."
"AB The pedestrian crossing speed is one of the important factors in pedestrian crossing facility design. Research studies have shown that the pedestrian crossing speed is influenced by availability of green time at signalized crosswalks and pedestrian characteristics such as gender and age. However, the effects of vehicular time gap and additional pedestrian behavioural characteristics on pedestrian crossing speed patterns have not been examined at unprotected (un-signalized) mid-block crosswalks. The present study examines the pedestrian crossing speed change patterns considering the effect of vehicular time gap and pedestrian behavioural characteristics such as rolling behaviour, path change, etc., at selected unprotected mid-block crosswalk locations under mixed traffic conditions in India. Video graphic survey has been conducted at eight selected unprotected mid-block crosswalk locations in Mumbai City for two to three hours duration during normal weather conditions. The data was mined using AVS video editor software, and the extracted data includes pedestrian speed, pedestrian characteristics (gender and age), pedestrian behaviour (rolling behaviour, path change, etc.), vehicle characteristics (type and speed of the vehicle) and traffic characteristics. Pedestrian crossing speed change patterns (whether pedestrian is changing speed or not while crossing a road) was considered as a binary variable and a logistic regression model was developed with vehicular gaps and other pedestrian behavioural characteristics as independent variables. The results revealed that there is a reduction in pedestrian crossing speed change behaviour with an increase in vehicular gap size at unprotected mid-block crosswalks. The younger pedestrians have more probability of exhibiting crossing speed change patterns as compared to the elderly pedestrians at mid-block crosswalks. Further, it is identified that there is an increase in pedestrian crossing speed with increase in vehicle speed as well as heavy vehicle type. Pedestrian behavioural characteristics also have a significant influence on crossing speed. The study findings would provide useful information to designers and policy makers for design of pedestrian crossing facility under mixed traffic conditions. (C) 2019 Periodical Offices of Chang'an University. Publishing services by Elsevier B.V. on behalf of Owner."
AB Background: Few studies have examined temperature's effect on adverse birth outcomes and relevant effect modifiers.
"AB Purpose: Reduced-fluence photodynamic therapy (RFPDT) has proven effective for some patients with chronic central serous chorioretinopathy (cCSC). Several clinicodemographic factors influencing treatment response have been identified, but associations with genetic factors have not been examined. Therefore, we investigated the associations of single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) implicated in cCSC pathogenesis with clinical outcome following RFPDT."
"AB Purpose - The purpose of this paper is to explore key factors or criteria of sustainable supply chain management (SSCM) influencing Indonesian coal companies, using ""adoption, implementation, and performance"" (A-I-P) of SSCM, thru three means: first, to investigate which criteria have higher weight to achieve SSCM in Indonesia; second, to see whether there are any differences between the Indonesia case and existing literature of SSCM; third, to highlight any causal relationships between the Indonesia case and the SSCM theory."
"AB Background. Fetal bowel could pass meconium, a green viscous fluid, before or during labour and most intrauterine passage of meconium is associated with several fetomaternal factors that lead to increased risk of perinatal morbidity and mortality. Given that there is a paucity of data, this study was conducted to assess the proportion and associated factors of meconium-stained amniotic fluid (MSAF) in women who came for labour and delivery service in a tertiary hospital. Methods. A cross-sectional study was conducted from 1 June to 31 August 2018 among 606 labouring mothers at Felege Hiwot Referral Hospital, northwest Ethiopia. Study participants were selected using a systematic random sampling technique. Data were collected using an interviewer-administered pretested questionnaire and data checklist. Factors associated with MSAF were explored using multivariable logistic regression analysis. Results. MSAF occurred in 24.6% (149/606) of pregnancies. Nonreassuring fetal heart rate patterns (Adjusted Odds Ratio [AOR]: 21.9, 95% Confidence interval [95% CI]: 10.96-43.83), postterm pregnancy (AOR: 4.54, 95% CI: 2.24-9.20), duration of labour more than 15 hours (AOR: 2.83, 95% CI: 1.76-4.53), pregnancy-induced hypertension (AOR: 2.43, 95% CI: 1.45-4.05), oligohydramnios (AOR: 2.53, 95% CI: 1.25-5.12), interpregnancy interval less than 2 years (AOR: 2.24, 95% CI: 1.12-4.51), and monthly family income less than 5000 Ethiopian Birr (185 USD) (AOR: 2.03, 95% CI: 1.18-3.51) were significantly associated with MSAF. Conclusions. In this study, the proportion of MSAF was at 24.6% which was higher than a previous report in Ethiopia. Nonreassuring fetal heart rate pattern, postterm pregnancy, duration of labour more than 15 hours, pregnancy-induced hypertension, oligohydramnios, interpregnancy interval less than 2 years, and monthly family income less than 5000 Ethiopian Birr were factors associated with an increased risk for MSAF. Therefore, interventions aimed at detecting MSAF early should consider these factors."
"AB Food waste is a global problem, causing significant environmental harm and resulting in substantial economic losses globally. Bread is the commonly wasted food item in the developed world and presents a severe problem for the majority of European nations. It is the second most wasted food item in the UK after potatoes, with an equivalent of 20 million slices of bread thrown away daily. Bread is a starchy material and a rich and clean source of easily extractable fermentable sugars - this is in direct contrast to lignocellulosic feedstocks where harsh physical, chemical and/or enzymatic pretreatment processes are required for release of fermentable sugars. Furthermore, these necessary lignocellulosic pretreatment methods often produce sugars contaminated with fermentation inhibitors. Therefore, bread waste presents a clear opportunity as a potential carbon source for novel commercial processes and, to this end, several alternative routes have been developed to utilize bread waste. Possibilities for direct recycling of bread waste within the food industry are limited due to the relatively short material lifetime, stringent process and hygiene requirements. Anaerobic digestion (AD) and incineration are commonly employed methods for the valorisation of bread waste, generating limited amounts of green energy but with little other environmental or economic benefits. Most food wastes and by-products in the UK including bakery waste are treated through AD processes that fail to harness the full potential of the these wastes. This short communication reviews the challenges of handling bread waste, with a focus on a specific UK scenario. The review will consider how bread waste is generated across the supply chain, current practices to deal with the waste and logistics challenges in waste collection. The presence of clean and high-quality fermentable sugars, proteins and other nutrients in bread make it an ideal substrate for generating chemicals, fuels, bioplastics, pharmaceuticals and other renewable products through microbial fermentations. We suggest potential applications for recycling bread waste into its chemical building blocks through a fermentative route where a circular biorefining approach could maximize resource recovery and environmental savings and eliminate waste to as close to zero as possible."
"AB Objective. Maternal prepregnancy obesity is related to increased maternal morbidity and mortality and poor birth outcomes. However, prevalence and risk factors for prepregnancy obesity in US cities are not known. This study examines the prevalence and social and environmental determinants of maternal prepregnancy obesity (BMI >= 30), overweight/obesity (BMI >= 25), and severe obesity (BMI >= 40) in the 68 largest metropolitan cities of the United States. Methods. We fitted logistic and Poisson regression models to the 2013-2016 national vital statistics birth cohort data (N = 3,083,600) to derive unadjusted and adjusted city differentials in maternal obesity and to determine social and environmental determinants. Results. Considerable disparities existed across cities, with the prevalence of prepregnancy obesity ranging from 10.4% in San Francisco to 36.6% in Detroit. Approximately 63.0% of mothers in Detroit were overweight or obese before pregnancy, compared with 29.2% of mothers in San Francisco. Severe obesity ranged from 1.4% in San Francisco to 8.5% in Cleveland. Women in Anchorage, Buffalo, Cleveland, Fresno, Indianapolis, Louisville, Milwaukee, Oklahoma City, Sacramento, St Paul, Toledo, Tulsa, and Wichita had >2 times higher adjusted odds of prepregnancy obesity compared to those in San Francisco. Race/ethnicity, maternal age, parity, marital status, nativity/immigrant status, and maternal education were important individual-level risk factors and accounted for 63%, 39%, and 72% of the city disparities in prepregnancy obesity, overweight/obesity, and severe obesity, respectively. Area deprivation, violent crime rates, physical inactivity rates, public transport use, and access to parkland and green spaces remained significant predictors of prepregnancy obesity even after controlling for individual-level covariates. Conclusions. Substantial disparities in maternal prepregnancy obesity among the major US cities remain despite risk-factor adjustment, with women in several Southern and Midwestern cities experiencing high risks of obesity. Sound urban policies are needed to promote healthier lifestyles and favorable social and built environments for obesity reduction and improved maternal health."
"AB Reasons for performing study: Colic is an important health problem in managed horse populations. Currently, there is limited information about colic prevalence and risk factors for colic in working horse populations."
"AB Objective To evaluate the effects of midazolam and nitrous oxide (N2O) on the minimum anesthetic concentration of isoflurane (MAC(ISO)) in ball pythons. Study design Prospective, crossover, randomized, semi-blinded study."
"AB The aim of this study was to evaluate the association between total and individual classes and subclasses of dietary polyphenol intake and prevalence of metabolic syndrome (MetS) in the Polish arm of the Health, Alcohol and Psychosocial factors In Eastern Europe cohort study."
AB Background
AB Study Objective: To examine the diagnostic accuracy of hysteroscopic photodynamic diagnosis (PDD) using 5-aminolevulinic acid (5ALA) in patients with endometrial cancer and premalignant atypical endometrial hyperplasia.
"AB Background The parasitic dinoflagellates of the genus Hematodinium represent the causative agent of so-called bitter or pink crab disease in a broad range of shellfish taxa. Outbreaks of Hematodinium-associated disease can devastate local fishing and aquaculture efforts. The goal of our study was to examine the potential role of the common shore (green) crab Carcinus maenas as a reservoir for Hematodinium. Carcinus maenas is native to all shores of the UK and Ireland and the North East Atlantic but has been introduced to, and subsequently invaded waters of, the USA, South Africa and Australia. This species is notable for its capacity to harbour a range of micro- and macro-parasites, and therefore may act as a vector for disease transfer. Methods Over a 12-month period, we interrogated 1191 crabs across two distinct locations (intertidal pier, semi-closed dock) in Swansea Bay (Wales, UK) for the presence and severity of Hematodinium in the haemolymph, gills, hepatopancreas and surrounding waters (eDNA) using PCR-based methods, haemolymph preparations and histopathology. Results Overall, 13.6% were Hematodinium-positive via PCR and confirmed via tissue examination. Only a small difference was observed between locations with 14.4% and 12.8% infected crabs in the Dock and Pier, respectively. Binomial logistic regression models revealed seasonality (P < 0.002) and sex (P < 0.001) to be significant factors in Hematodinium detection with peak infection recorded in spring (March to May). Male crabs overall were more likely to be infected. Phylogenetic analyses of the partial ITS and 18S rRNA gene regions of Hematodinium amplified from crabs determined the causative agent to be the host generalist Hematodinium sp., which blights several valuable crustaceans in the UK alone, including edible crabs (Cancer pagurus) and langoustines (Nephrops norvegicus). Conclusions Shore crabs were infected with the host generalist parasite Hematodinium sp. in each location tested, thereby enabling the parasite to persist in an environment shared with commercially important shellfish."
"AB Obesity is a major international health concern. Neighborhood greenery has been identified as a critical factor for promoting health in urban areas, due in part to its apparent role in facilitating healthy weight by promoting physical activity. However, studies have used diverse greenery measures and spatial analysis units to ascertain this relationship. This study examined associations between street greenery and weight status at the residential address level across 500-2000 m buffers in two climatically distinct communities, Phoenix, AZ, and Portland, OR. Greenery was measured using one-meter landcover data. Street greenery measures were designed to quantify the pedestrian environment along a gradient of suitability for promoting physical exercise. Weight status was defined by body mass index (BMI) calculated from weight and height information on driver's license records. BMI values were dichotomized at 25 into overweight or obese vs. neither. Approximately 500,000 BMI values in Phoenix and 225,000 in Portland were modelled by community using logistic regression. Street tree cover was consistently protective for healthy weight status across all buffer sizes after adjusting for potential confounders. Herbaceous street cover showed protective associations in Phoenix but harmful associations in Portland. Every 10% increase in street tree cover within 2000 m was associated with 18% lower odds of being overweight or obese (adjusted odds ratio [AOR]: 0.82, 95% CI: 0.81 - 0.84 in Phoenix; 0.82, 95% CI: 0.81 - 0.83 in Portland). When compared to residents with less than 10% street tree cover within 2000 m, those with greater than 10% tree cover had at least 13% (AOR for Portland: 0.87, 95% CI: 0.81 - 0.92) lower odds of being overweight or obese. Findings support the importance of urban street trees in very different climates for facilitating healthy weight status. They can inform greenery management to prioritize vegetation type and allocation decisions in limited urban spaces."
"AB Fractional cover of green vegetation (FCover) is a key variable when observing Arctic vegetation under a changing climate. Vegetation changes over large areas are traditionally monitored by linking plot-scale measurements to satellite data. However, integrating field and satellite data is not straightforward. Typically, the satellite data are at a much coarser scale in comparison to field measurements. Here, we studied how Unmanned Aerial Systems (UASs) can be used to bridge this gap. We covered three 250 m x 250 m sites in Fennoscandian tundra with varying productivity ana FCover, ranging from barren vegetation to shrub tundra. The UAS sites were then used to train satellite data-based FCover models."
"AB Seed potato certification programs aim to limit disease incidence in planting material to levels below a threshold that causes significant losses to seed potato buyers. Records maintained for seed potato certification can be analyzed for trends in seed potato varietal mixture and disease incidences over time. We used logistic regression models to determine effects of year, potato variety, and their interaction on the incidences of potato diseases and disorders based on seed potato certification data collected in Colorado from 2012 to 2016. The effect of seed generation of important varieties on the incidence of common potato diseases was also quantified. Among the documented diseases, mosaic, caused primarily by Potato virus Y, is a persistent problem leading to high percentage of seed lot rejections in both summer and winter inspections, while blackleg, caused by Dickeya spp. and Pectobacterium spp., was a common disease causing summer rejections. The model demonstrated year, potato variety, and their interaction were key factors contributing to incidence of varietal mixture, or one or more potato diseases and disorders. For summer inspections, our models identified 53, 42, and six varieties sensitive to mosaic, blackleg, and leafroll, respectively. There were 17, 15, and six varieties that were tolerant to mosaic, blackleg, and leafroll regardless of pathogen pressures in the environment. For winter inspections, 51 varieties were sensitive to mosaic and three to leafroll, whereas 45 and one were relatively tolerant to mosaic and leafroll. The pattern of seed generation effects of selected potato varieties on mosaic and blackleg incidence was inconsistent across inspection years. In addition, we observed a significant negative correlation between the relative abundance of the green peach aphid, Myzus persicae, and mosaic in winter inspections. Mosaic incidences in summer and leafroll incidences were not influenced by common aphid species captured or total aphids in the valley. These results identify mosaic and blackleg as major causes of seed potato rejections and downgrades, sensitive and tolerant varieties, and provide suggestions for improving integrated crop management practices in Colorado."
"AB The introduction of cover crops in the intercrop period may provide a broad range of ecosystem services derived from the multiple functions they can perform, such as erosion control, recycling of nutrients or forage source. However, the achievement of these services in a particular agrosystem is not always required at the same time or to the same degree. Thus, species selection and definition of targeted objectives is critical when growing cover crops. The goal of the current work was to describe the traits that determine the suitability of five species (barley, rye, triticale, mustard and vetch) for cover cropping. A field trial was established during two seasons (October to April) in Madrid (central Spain). Ground cover and biomass were monitored at regular intervals during each growing season. A Gompertz model characterized ground cover until the decay observed after frosts, while biomass was fitted to Gompertz, logistic and linear-exponential equations. At the end of the experiment, carbon (C), nitrogen (N), and fibre (neutral detergent, acid and lignin) contents, and the N fixed by the legume were determined. The grasses reached the highest ground cover (83-99%) and biomass (1226-1928 g/m(2)) at the end of the experiment. With the highest C:N ratio (27-39) and dietary fibre (527-600 mg/g) and the lowest residue quality (similar to 680 mg/g), grasses were suitable for erosion control, catch crop and fodder. The vetch presented the lowest N uptake (24 and 07 g N/m(2)) due to N fixation (98 and 16 g N/m(2)) and low biomass accumulation. The mustard presented high N uptake in the warm year and could act as a catch crop, but low fodder capability in both years. The thermal time before reaching 30% ground cover was a good indicator of early coverage species. Variable quantification allowed finding variability among the species and provided information for further decisions involving cover crop selection and management."
"AB Aim. To investigate the association between variables related to tea consumption (duration, frequency, and type) and the risk of diabetic retinopathy.Methods. A rural community-based, cross-sectional survey was conducted in Weitang Town, Suzhou, China. People aged 60 years or above were invited to complete the survey. All eligible patients underwent detailed eye examination. Diabetic retinopathy (DR) was diagnosed and graded based on the retinal fundus imaging. Diabetes was defined as fasting glucose concentrations of >= 7.0 mmol/L or self-reported diagnosis of diabetes. Information about tea consumption such as duration, type, and frequency, together with demographics and lifestyle characteristics, were collected using a face-to-face questionnaire interview. The association between tea consumption and the risk of DR was determined by univariate and multivariate logistic regression analyses.Results. Among the 5,281 participants, 614 had diabetes mellitus (prevalence of 11.63%). The prevalence rate of DR was 10.38% in the diabetic population and 1.04% in the general population. Compared with non-tea consumers, the crude OR values for DR in subjects with long-term and short-term tea consumption were 0.34 (95%CI=0.14-0.82,p=0.016) and 1.64 (95%CI=0.74-3.64,p=0.221), respectively. When adjusted for age, gender, and other confounders, consumption of tea for >= 20 years was associated with reduced odds of DR (OR=0.29,95%CI=0.09-0.97,p=0.044). Thus, long-term tea consumption was significantly associated with a lower risk of DR. There was no statistical significance between frequency or type of tea consumption with DR (p>0.05).Conclusion. Elderly diabetic Chinese residents who consumed tea for more than twenty years had a lower risk of DR compared to non-tea consumers. The long-term tea consumption may be an independent protective factor for DR. However, further studies are warranted to examine the association."
"AB Background: Anopheles darlingi is considered the most efficient malaria vector in the Neotropical region. In Mexico, its role as an incriminated vector of Plasmodium has not been confirmed in the Lacandon forest. Similarly, knowledge about bionomic and larval ecology is scarce. The study aim was to identify and describe the larval habitats of An. darlingi in Chiapas, Mexico."
"AB With increasing population, excessive use of electrical and electronic products and extreme demand of resources have compelled the linear economy to transform into Circular Economy (CE). In the current scenario, e-waste management has become the top priority of all the developed and developing nations especially those in the transition phase. The generation of e-waste has increased proportionally across the world and created an intense pressure on the firms to implement sustainable practices to redesign and recycle the products. The current status of the developing countries like India confronts number of challenges to manage e-waste produced, and the only possible solution is to minimize the waste generation and practicing recycling processes. For transforming into CEs, there is a need to identify the most influencing key enablers through which an effective and robust e-waste management (e-WM) system can be developed. An extensive literature review and expert judgments are expended to identify the most influencing key enablers of e-WM in circular economies, and, being the highest producer of e-waste, Mumbai (Maharashtra) has been chosen as the case location. To explore the strength of causal and effect enablers, the DEMATEL method is applied. This study has shown that 'Environmental management system' (EMS) is the most significant and important driving enabler to influence all the other existing enablers. This study has also highlighted that e-WM can be efficient if it focuses on producing eco-friendly products, developing strict legislations, building green image and supporting the producers to implement CE practices. This study helps stakeholders and policy makers to reduce the burden from the environment and focus on developing an efficient e-WM system on the basis of identified key enablers like EMS and collaboration with environmental partners to contribute towards CE transition."
"AB Up to now, the processes of domestication of urban landscapes have been little studied. The public green spaces in the city of Bariloche, an enclave with growing urbanization which lies within the Andino Norpatagonica Biosphere Reserve, offer an opportunity to evaluate cultural molding of the environment. We analyzed different management methods of woody species, both in situ and ex situ, in parks located in sectors with different environmental, socioeconomic, size, age and administration characteristics. Our hypotheses were: (1) Species richness will be higher for exotic plants, in accordance with global patterns of ornamental species selection. (2) Species richness and type of management practice will vary according to the kind of environment, the socioeconomic pro fi le of the neighborhood, the age and size of the park, and type of administration (bottom-up or top-down). (3) Bottom-up park administration will lead to a different landscape than top-down administration. Thirty randomly selected parks of both local council and neighborhood administration and varying environmental and socioeconomic conditions were examined and the composition of their woody species identi fi ed. In addition, semi-structured and free interviews were carried out with those responsible for park management, both in situ (tolerance, enhancement, protection) and ex situ (sowing, use of cuttings or transplanting). In accordance with our hypothesis, the processes of domestication of the urban landscape show a tendency toward an anthropized diversity of 130 species,mainly exotic in origin (72%), and principally fromthe Holarctic region (67%). However,multinomial logistic analysis revealed that in parks under neighborhood administration tolerance of native species is higher (13 times) than in parks administrated by the local council. Species richness increases along an environmental and socioeconomic gradient, and with the age of parks, but does not vary with size. We conclude that urban parks are constructed cultural niches which, as in an agroforestry system, are scenarios which reveal processes of incipient domestication that re fl ect different cosmovisions and drivers typical of multicultural contexts."
"AB To improve food safety on farms, it is critical to quantify the impact of environmental microbial contamination sources on fresh produce. However, studies are hampered by difficulties achieving study designs with powered sample sizes to elucidate relationships between environmental and produce contamination. Our goal was to quantify, in the agricultural production environment, the relationship between microbial contamination on hands, soil, and water and contamination on fresh produce. In 11 farms and packing facilities in northern Mexico, we applied a matched study design: composite samples (n = 636, equivalent to 11,046 units) of produce rinses were matched to water, soil, and worker hand rinses during two growing seasons. Microbial indicators (coliforms, Escherichia coli, Enterococcus spp., and somatic coliphage) were quantified from composite samples. Statistical measures of association and correlations were calculated through Spearman's correlation, linear regression, and logistic regression models. The concentrations of all microbial indicators were positively correlated between produce and hands (rho range, 0.41 to 0.75; P < 0.01). When E. coli was present on hands, the handled produce was nine times more likely to contain E. coli (P < 0.05). Similarly, when coliphage was present on hands, the handled produce was eight times more likely to contain coliphage (P < 0.05). There were relatively low concentrations of indicators in soil and water samples, and a few sporadic significant associations were observed between contamination of soil and water and contamination of produce. This methodology provides a foundation for future field studies, and results highlight the need for interventions surrounding farmworker hygiene and sanitation to reduce microbial contamination of farmworkers' hands."
"AB Forest fires are incidents of great importance in Mediterranean environments. Landsat data have proven to be suitable for evaluating post-fire vegetation damage and determining different levels of burn severity, which is crucial for planning post-fire rehabilitation. This study assessed the utility of combined Multiple Endmember Spectral Mixture Analysis (MESMA) fraction images and Land Surface Temperature (LST) to accurately map burn severity. We studied a large convection-dominated wildfire, which occurred on 19-21 September 2012 in Spain, in a zone dominated by Pinus pinaster Ait. Burn severity degree (low, moderate, and high) was measured 2-3 months after fire in 111 field plots using the Composite Burn Index (CBI). Four fraction images were generated using MESMA from the reflective bands of a post-fire Landsat 7 Enhanced Thematic Mapper (ETM +) image: 1.-char, 2.-green vegetation (GV), 3.-non-photosynthetic vegetation and soil (NPVS) and 4.-shade. The thermal band was converted to LST using a single channel algorithm. Next, Multinomial Logistic Regression (MLR) was used to obtain the probability of each burn severity level from MESMA fraction images and LST. Finally, a burn severity map was generated from the probability images and independently validated using an error matrix, producer and user accuracies per class, and kappa statistic. MLR identified the char fraction image and LST as the only significant explanatory variables when burn severity acted as the response variable. Two burn severity degrees (low-moderate and high) were finally considered to build the final burn severity map. In this way, we reached a higher accuracy (kappa = 0.79) than using the original three burn severity levels (kappa = 0.66). Our study demonstrates the validity of combining fraction images and LST from Landsat data to map burn severity accurately in Mediterranean countries. (C) 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved."
"AB Background Hybrid methods of dietary patterns analysis have emerged as a unique and informative way to study diet-disease relationships in nutritional epidemiology research. Objective To identify an obesogenic dietary pattern using weighted partial least squares (wPLS) in nationally representative Canadian survey data, and to identify key foods and/or beverages associated with the defined dietary pattern. Design Data from one 24-hr dietary recall data from the cross-sectional Canadian Community Health Survey-Nutrition (CCHS) 2015 (n = 12,049) were used. wPLS was used to identify an obesogenic dietary pattern from 40 standardized food and beverage categories using the variables energy density, fibre density, and total fat as outcomes. The association between the derived dietary pattern and likelihood of obesity was examined using weighted multivariate logistic regression. Key dietary components highly associated with the derived pattern were identified. Results Compared to quartile one (i.e. those least adherent to an obesogenic dietary pattern), those in quartile four had 2.40-fold increased odds of being obese (OR = 2.40, 95% CI = 1.91, 3.02, P-trend< 0.0001) with a monotonically increasing trend. Using a factor loading significance cut-off of >=|0.17|, three food/beverage categories loaded positively for the derived obesogenic dietary pattern: fast food (+0.32), carbonated drinks (including energy drinks, sports drinks and vitamin water) (+0.30), and salty snacks (+0.19). Seven categories loaded negatively (i.e. in the protective direction): whole fruits (-0.40), orange vegetables (-0.32), ""other"" vegetables (-0.32), whole grains (-0.26), dark green vegetables (-0.22), legumes and soy (-0.18) and pasta and rice (-0.17). Conclusion This is the first study to apply weighted partial least squares to CCHS 2015 data to derive a dietary pattern associated with obesity. The results from this study pinpoint key dietary components that are associated with obesity and consumed among a nationally representative sample of Canadians adults."
"AB Biorefining of green biomass such as grass and grass-clover is an emerging field with extensive potentials for new value-chains and cascading use of biomasses. Grass biomass can be biorefined into a protein-rich juice fraction for monogastric feed purposes and a fibrous pulp fraction for ruminant feed or biogas production. This study investigated the ensiling of the pulp fraction after extraction of protein juice from two types of grass biomass, namely grass-clover and ryegrass with 28.8 and 33.6% total solid (TS) in the two pulp fractions, respectively."
"AB Background: Depression has been associated with air pollution, as reported by animal and epidemiological studies. However, the relationship between ozone exposure and depression, especially among adolescents, is scarcely investigated."
AB ObjectivesTo investigate whether dietary patterns are associated with frailty phenotypes in an elderly Taiwanese population.
"AB Purpose To define a ""super stable"" subset of polypoidal choroidal vasculopathy (PCV) patients that have a long period of remission following anti-vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) therapy."
"AB The temporal resolution of vegetation indices (VIs) determines the details of seasonal variation in vegetation dynamics observed by remote sensing, but little has been known about how the temporal resolution of VIs affects the retrieval of land surface phenology (LSP) of grasslands. This study evaluated the impact of temporal resolution of MODIS NDVI, EVI, and per-pixel green chromatic coordinate (GCCpp) on the quality and accuracy of the estimated LSP metrics of prairie grasslands. The near-surface PheonoCam phenology data for grasslands centered over Lethbridge PhenoCam grassland site were used as the validation datasets due to the lack of in situ observations for grasslands in the Prairie Ecozone. MODIS Nadir Bidirectional Reflectance Distribution Function (BRDF)-Adjusted Reflectance (NBAR) data from 2001 to 2017 were used to compute the time series of daily reference and to simulate 2-32 day MODIS VIs. The daily reference and simulated multi-day time series were fitted with the double logistic model, and the LSP metrics were then retrieved from the modeled daily time series separately. Comparison within satellite-based estimates showed no significant difference in the phenological metrics derived from daily reference and multi-day VIs resampled at a time step less than 18 days. Moreover, a significant decline in the ability of multi-day VIs to predict detailed temporal dynamics of daily reference VIs was revealed as the temporal resolution increased. Besides, there were a variety of trends for the onset of phenological transitions as the temporal resolution of VIs changed from 1 to 32 days. Comparison with PhenoCam phenology data presented small and insignificant differences in the mean bias error (MBE) and the mean absolute error (MAE) of grassland phenological metrics derived from daily, 8-, 10-, 14-, and 16-day MODIS VIs. Overall, this study suggested that the MODIS VIs resampled at a time step less than 18 days are favorable for the detection of grassland phenological transitions and detailed seasonal dynamics in the Prairie Ecozone."
"AB Reducing the formation and growth of Microcystis colonies is an important prerequisite for the effective prevention and treatment of cyanobacterial blooms. Microcystis flos-aquae colonies was selected to investigate the potential of propionamide for use in controlling cyanobacterial blooms. Propionamide, one of the major allelochemicals in the root exudates of E. crassipes, was tested using different concentrations (0, 0.2, 1, and 2mg L-1) and dosing methods (one-time addition, semi-continuous addition, and continuous addition) to assess its effect on the growth of M. flosaquae colonies. The results showed that in the presence of different concentrations of propionamide, the growth of M. flos-aquae colonies followed a logistic growth model, with a higher degree of fit at lower propionamide concentrations. With the semi-continuous addition of 2 mg L-1 propionamide, the growth of M. flos-aquae colonies was markedly inhibited; the relative inhibition ratio of algal cells reached N90% at day 7 of co-culture, and the colonial form gradually disintegrated, transformingmainly into unicellular and bicellular forms and small colonies (average diameter b 50 mu m). Following the semi-continuous addition of 2 mg L-1 propionamide, the exopolysaccharide content, the chlorophyll-a concentration, and the maximum photochemical efficiency of photosystem II (Fv/Fm) trended downward in M. flos-aquae colonies, whereas the relative expression of the microcystin (MC) biosynthetic genes, mcyAandmcyH, was upregulated overall. Importantly, the synthesis of intracellularmicrocystin-LR (MC-LR) was decreased after an initial increase, and the extracellular MC-LR concentration did not differ significantly from that in the control group (p > 0.05). Moreover, an acute toxicity test showed that 2 mg L-1 propionamide was generally non-toxic to Daphniamagna. In conclusion, appropriate use of propionamide could effectively control the expansion of M. flos-aquae colonies without potential risks to the ecological safety of aquatic environments; therefore, propionamide can actually be used to regulate cyanobacterial blooms in natural waters. (C) 2018 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB Over the last decade, most manufacturing organizations have been experiencing pressure to incorporate sustainability practices in their supply chains. The key reasons behind this pressure may be stated as increased consumer awareness towards environmental issues, stricter environmental laws and regulations, and increased competition. This paper seeks to identify the factors affecting sustainability adoption in the Indian automobile supply chain and investigate the inter-relationships existing among them. The factors have been identified on the basis of a comprehensive literature review and expert opinion. Data were collected through a survey of 157 Indian automobile companies; a carefully prepared questionnaire was used as research instrument. Partial least square (PIS) approach was used to investigate the relationships among various factors leading to sustainability performance. Results indicate that external influence and expected sustainability benefits positively affect top management's commitment towards adoption of sustainable practices. Further, it was found that a better buyer supplier relationship positively impacted the triple bottom line of sustainability which comprises economic, social, and environmental performance measures. The buyer supplier relationship was assessed after breaking it down to three constructs - supplier selection, supplier development and supplier performance review. This study is unique and carries a high originality value as it offers a better understanding of: 1) each construct (supplier selection, supplier development and supplier performance review) of the buyer -supplier relationship; and 2) every construct's effect on each dimension (economic, social and environmental) of supply chain sustainability of the Indian automobile industry. Such a comprehensive and detailed study involving the observation of each construct of the buyer supplier relationship, and analysis of the effect that each construct has on the three dimensions of sustainability has not been carried out before. This way, the study makes a significant contribution to the existing body of literature. The present study has several practical implications which would enable managers to adopt sustainable practices in their supply chain. (C) 2016 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Background: Urbanization is occurring rapidly in many low- and middle-income countries, which may affect households' livelihoods, diet, and food security and nutritional outcomes."
"AB Computational intensity and sequential nature of estimation techniques for Bayesian methods in statistics and machine learning, combined with their increasing applications for big data analytics, necessitate both the identification of potential opportunities to parallelize techniques such as Monte Carlo Markov Chain (MCMC) sampling, and the development of general strategies for mapping such parallel algorithms to modern CPUs in order to elicit the performance up the compute-based and/or memory-based hardware limits. Two opportunities for Single-Instruction Multiple-Data (SIMD) parallelization of MCMC sampling for probabilistic graphical models are presented. In exchangeable models with many observations such as Bayesian Generalized Linear Models (GLMs), child-node contributions to the conditional posterior of each node can be calculated concurrently. In undirected graphs with discrete-value nodes, concurrent sampling of conditionally-independent nodes can be transformed into a SIMD form. High-performance libraries with multi-threading and vectorization capabilities can be readily applied to such SIMD opportunities to gain decent speedup, while a series of high-level source-code and runtime modifications provide further performance boost by reducing parallelization overhead and increasing data locality for Non-Uniform Memory Access architectures. For big-data Bayesian GLM graphs, the end-result is a routine for evaluating the conditional posterior and its gradient vector that is 5 times faster than a naive implementation using (built-in) multi-threaded Intel MKL BLAS, and reaches within the striking distance of the memory-bandwidth-induced hardware limit. Using multi-threading for cache-friendly, fine-grained parallelization can outperform coarse-grained alternatives which are often less cache-friendly, a likely scenario in modern predictive analytics workflow such as Hierarchical Bayesian GLM, variable selection, and ensemble regression and classification. The proposed optimization strategies improve the scaling of performance with number of cores and width of vector units (applicable to many-core SIMD processors such as Intel Xeon Phi and Graphic Processing Units), resulting in cost-effectiveness, energy efficiency ('green computing'), and higher speed on multi-core x86 processors. (C) 2015 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB Background: Short-term heat exposure might induce stroke morbidity and mortality, and there were several studies explored the possible vulnerable populations. At present, the research on the modification effect of intra-urban landscape characteristics on the association between heat and stroke morbidity is limited, especially in China. Methods: We collected data on 22,424 first-ever strokes between 2010 and 2016 in Shenzhen, from June to August of each year. We adopted the case-only study combined with logistic regression models to examine the modification effects of 5 urban landscape characteristics. We studied the characteristics of relevant vulnerable populations through stratification analyses. Results: High values (refer to the median values) of nighttime land surface temperature (LST) and the proportion of impervious surface may aggravate the harmful effects of heat on stroke morbidity, with the OR values (95% CI) of 1.205 (1.053, 1.357) and 1.115 (1.010, 1.220); while, high values of NDVI and the proportion of water bodies may alleviate the harmful effects of heat, with the OR values (95% CI) of 0.772 (0.699, 0.845) and 0.821 (0.741, 0.901). The OR value of daytime LST was 1.004 (0.861, 1.147). Statistically significant modification effects were located in the population without Shenzhen's household registration; as for nighttime LST, statistically significant modification effects were located in females and the elderly. Conclusions: High values of nighttime LST and the proportion of impervious surface might aggravate the harmful effects of heat on stroke morbidity, while high green space and water cover might alleviate its effects. Immigrants were the related vulnerable populations. The government should take measures to cope with climate warming and pay attention to the health effects of heat on immigrants. (c) 2021 Published by Elsevier B.V."
"AB Background Research evidence on the association between neighbourhood characteristics and individual mental health at older ages is inconsistent, possibly due to heterogeneity in the measurement of mental-health outcomes, neighbourhood characteristics and confounders. Register-based data enabled us to avoid these problems in this longitudinal study on the associations between socioeconomic and physical neighbourhood characteristics and individual antidepressant use in three national contexts. Methods We used register-based longitudinal data on the population aged 50+ from Turin (Italy), Stockholm (Sweden), and the nine largest cities in Finland linked to satellite-based land-cover data. This included individual-level information on sociodemographic factors and antidepressant use, and on neighbourhood socioeconomic characteristics, levels of urbanicity, green space and land-use mix (LUM). We assessed individual-level antidepressant use over 6 years in 2001-2017 using mixed-effects logistic regression. Results A higher neighbourhood proportion of low-educated individuals predicted lower odds for antidepressant use in Turin and Stockholm when individual-level sociodemographic factors were controlled for. Urbanicity predicted increased antidepressant use in Stockholm (OR=1.02; 95% CI 1.01 to 1.03) together with more LUM (OR=1.03; 1.01-1.05) and population density (OR=1.08; 1.05-1.10). The two latter characteristics also predicted increased antidepressant use in the Finnish cities (OR=1.05; 1.02-1.08 and OR=1.14; 1.02-1.28, respectively). After accounting for all studied neighbourhood and individual characteristics of the residents, the neighbourhoods still varied by odds of antidepressant use. Conclusions Overall, the associations of neighbourhood socioeconomic and physical characteristics with older people's antidepressant use were small and inconsistent. However, we found modest evidence that dense physical urban environments predicted higher antidepressant use among older people in Stockholm and the Finnish cities."
AB Background: Residing in greener places may be protective against diabetes mellitus (DM) but evidence is scarce and comes mainly from developed countries.
"AB As one of the largest manufacturing sectors, the automotive industry has a deep impact on the society and environment. Automotive products provide mobility to millions and create jobs, but also threaten the environment. Consumer pressure, government regulations, and stakeholder demands for a competitive edge have forced the automotive industry to consider their environmental and social impacts in addition to their economic status. These pressures have led many automotive industry businesses to adopt Sustainable Supply Chain Management (SSCM) practices. Specific practices that are adopted into the traditional supply chain and that help an industry shift towards a sustainable supply chain are called SSCM practices. Firms have difficulty identifying the most useful practices and learning how these practices impact each other. Unfortunately, no existing research has studied the interrelated influences among these practices in the automotive industry, nor from an Indian perspective. The current study aims to give a better understanding of the interrelated influences among SSCM practices with a particular look at the automotive industry. Our research presents views from multiple stakeholders, including managerial, environmental, societal, and governmental associations. We propose a framework model, using the Decision Making Trial and Evaluation Laboratory method, to evaluate automotive industry SSCM practices specifically situated in the emerging economy of India. Through a questionnaire survey with the above-mentioned stakeholders, we find interinfluences and the prominence of the identified practices. A prominence causal relationship diagram is obtained depicting the cause groups and the effect groups of the practices. The differences and similarities between individual perspectives and combined stakeholder perspectives are identified. The results reveal that management commitment towards sustainability and incorporating the triple bottom line approach in strategic decision making are the most influential practices for implementing the sustainable supply chain management. This study provides a foundation for industrial managers to understand the inter influences among the practices and increases the probability of successful implementation of SSCM practices within the automotive industry. (C) 2017 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB We present a mineral systems approach to predictive mapping of orogenic gold prospectivity in the Giyani green-stone belt (GGB) by using layers of spatial evidence representing district-scale processes that are critical to orogenic gold mineralization, namely (a) source of metals/fluids, (b) active pathways, (c) drivers of fluid flow and (d) metal deposition. To demonstrate that the quality of a predictive map of mineral prospectivity is a function of the quality of the maps used as sources of spatial evidence, we created two sets of prospectivity maps one using an old lithologic map and another using an updated lithological map as two separate sources of spatial evidence for source of metals/fluids, drivers of fluid flow and metal deposition. We also demonstrate the importance of using spatially-coherent (or geologically-consistent) deposit occurrences in data-driven predictive mapping of mineral prospectivity. The best predictive orogenic gold prospectivity map obtained in this study is the one that made use of spatial evidence from the updated lithological map and spatially-coherent orogenic gold occurrences. This map predicts 20% of the GGB to be prospective for orogenic gold, with 89% goodness-of-fit between spatially-coherent inactive orogenic gold mines and individual layers of spatial evidence and 89% prediction-rate against spatially-coherent orogenic gold prospects. In comparison, the predictive gold prospectivity map obtained by using spatial evidence from the old lithological map and all gold occurrences has 80% goodness-of-fit but only 63% prediction-rate. These results mean that the prospectivity map based on spatially-coherent gold occurrences and spatial evidence from the updated lithological map predicts exploration targets better (i.e., 28% smaller prospective areas with 9% stronger fit to training gold mines and 26% higher prediction-rate with respect to validation gold prospects) than the prospectivity map based on all known gold occurrences and spatial evidence from the old lithological map. (C) 2014 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB Recent research suggests that urban greenness has important beneficial effects on health. While some epidemiological studies have investigated associations between measures of greenness and participation in physical activities, the findings have been inconsistent and several have relied on self-reported rather than objectively determined measures of greenness. Further, there have been few national studies. Our aim was to characterize associations between residential measures of greenness and physical activity within a nationally representative sample of Canadians. Moreover, we sought to determine to what extent these associations were modified by age, sex and income. Our analyses are based on data collected from participants of the 2001 Canadian Community Health Survey. Analyses were restricted to 69,910 individuals who were: 20 years of age and older, lived in urban areas, and for whom a residential measure of greenness could be assigned. The Normalised Difference Vegetation Index (NDVI), which is an objectively defined measure of greenness based on satellite imaging, was assigned to the residential addresses of the participants. Our NDVI values were based on 30 m and 500 m buffers from the centroid of the provided postal codes. Logistic regression was used to estimate odds ratios (ORs) and their 95% confidence intervals to describe associations between greenness and several measures of physical activity. The ORs were adjusted for age, sex, smoking status, marital status, and income. We found that participants who resided in the highest quartile of greenness, based on a 500 m buffer, were more likely to participate in leisure-time physical activity (adjusted OR = 1.34, 95% CI = 1.25-1.44) when compared to those in the lowest quartile. Positive associations were observed between greenness and physical activity in all income groupings. A key finding was the observation of a stronger association between greenness and measures of physical activity among younger adults, especially women. Our findings have important public health implications as they suggest that access to urban green environments contributes to increased participation in leisure-time physical activity which has demonstrable health benefits. (C) 2014 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved."
"AB Background: Blood donation is frequently associated with iron deficiency. Although iron deficiency is endemic in Ghana, there is a scarcity of data on iron stores in blood donors to inform donor recruitment policy. This study determined the prevalence and factors predictive of depleted iron stores in blood donors."
"AB The few cohort studies that have investigated the association between exposure to air pollution and occurrence of diabetes have reported conflicting results. We aimed to evaluate the association of long-term exposure to particulate matter (PM), nitrogen oxides (NOx) and ozone (O-3), with baseline prevalence and incidence of type 2 diabetes in a large administrative cohort in Rome, Italy. A total of 1,425,580 subjects aged 35 + years (January 1st, 2008) were assessed and followed for six years. We estimated PM10, PM2.5-10, PM2.5, NO2, and NOx exposures at residence using land use regression models, and summer O-3 exposure using dispersion modeling. To estimate the association between air pollutant exposures and prevalence and incidence of diabetes, we used logistic and Cox regression models, considering individual, environmental (noise and green areas), and contextual characteristics. We identified 106,387 prevalent cases at baseline and 65,955 incident cases during the follow-up period. We found positive associations between nitrogen oxides exposures and prevalence of diabetes with odds ratios (ORs) up to 1.010 (95% CI: 1.002, 1.017) and 1.015 (1.009, 1.021) for NO2 and NOx, respectively, per fixed increases (per 10 mu g/m(3) and 20 mu g/m(3), respectively). We also found some evidence of an association between NOx and O-3 and incidence of diabetes, with hazard ratios (HRs) of 1.011 (95% CI: 1.003-1.019) and 1.015 (1.002-1.027) per 20 and 10 mu g/m(3) increases, respectively. The association with O-3 with incident diabetes was stronger in women than in men and among those aged < 50 years. In sum, long-term exposure to nitrogen oxides was associated with prevalent diabetes while NOx and O-3 exposures were associated with incident diabetes."
"AB Electrochromic (EC) devices assembled using two complementary optically active electrodes, i.e. sputtered tungsten (VI) oxide (WO3) and sol-gel substoichiometric nickel oxide-polyaniline (NiO1-x-PANI) films, were used for the evaluation of several ormolytes during coloring/bleaching switching. Electrolytes were prepared from bis end-capped bis(ethoxysilyl)/poly(ethylene oxide) di-uretanesil precursor via solvolysis and condensation with glacial acetic acid. Different amounts of mesylate imidazolium-based ionic liquid co-solvent were added to modify the viscoelastic properties of the ormolytes. An extensive IR spectroscopic investigation was conducted to follow the formation of a gel structure of di-urethanesil precursor through decrease of etoxysilyl modes (1165, 1103, 1079 and 955 cm(-1)), remaining silanols (910 cm(-1)), while the presence of silylacetate mode (1724 cm(-1)) could not be ascertained unequivocally. Formation of siloxane bridging (prevailing T-2 type) was confirmed independently by using Si-29 NMR spectroscopy. X-ray diffraction showed an amorphous character of the electrolytes. Rheology measurements of the electrolyte were combined with the time-dependent determination of the conductivities (of the order of magnitude 10(-4) S/cm), and the dependence of the phase shift angle delta fitted using a five-parameter logistic function. It was found that adequate viscoelastic properties are essential (delta > 0) in obtaining a sufficiently high conductivity for application in EC devices, and their cycling was examined up to 980 voltammetric and chronocoulometric cycles. The calculation of color coordinates revealed the shift of a*, b* to green-blue space with coloration. The coloration efficiency (101st cycle) confirmed the differences in consistency of electrolytes, i.e. 74.3 cm(2)/C for EC device with viscoelastic liquid-like electrolyte, but decreased to 54.7 cm(2)/C for device with gel character of electrolyte. (C) 2015 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB Previous studies found a relationship between geriatric depression and social deprivation. However, most studies did not include environmental factors in the statistical models, introducing a bias to estimate geriatric depression risk because the urban environment was found to have significant associations with mental health. We developed a cross-sectional study with a binomial logistic regression to examine the geriatric depression risk of a high-density city based on five social vulnerability factors and four environmental measures. We constructed a socio-environmental vulnerability index by including the significant variables to map the geriatric depression risk in Hong Kong, a high-density city characterized by compact urban environment and high-rise buildings. Crude and adjusted odds ratios (ORs) of the variables were significantly different, indicating that both social and environmental variables should be included as confounding factors. For the comprehensive model controlled by all confounding factors, older adults who were of lower education had the highest geriatric depression risks (OR: 1.60 (1.21, 2.12)). Higher percentage of residential area and greater variation in building height within the neighborhood also contributed to geriatric depression risk in Hong Kong, while average building height had negative association with geriatric depression risk. In addition, the socio-environmental vulnerability index showed that higher scores were associated with higher geriatric depression risk at neighborhood scale. The results of mapping and cross-section model suggested that geriatric depression risk was associated with a compact living environment with low socio-economic conditions in historical urban areas in Hong Kong. In conclusion, our study found a significant difference in geriatric depression risk between unadjusted and adjusted models, suggesting the importance of including environmental factors in estimating geriatric depression risk. We also developed a framework to map geriatric depression risk across a city, which can be used for identifying neighborhoods with higher risk for public health surveillance and sustainable urban planning."
"AB There is evidence of several health benefits associated with neighborhood greenness, but reasons for this are unclear. Studies have found that those who live in greener neighborhoods are more physically active, and have lower rates of obesity. Relatively few studies have attempted to characterize associations between greenness and both obesity and physical activity concurrently, or among women who are at higher risk of developing cancer and for whom physical activity may be important for primary prevention. To address these gaps, we undertook a cross-sectional analysis of data from 50,884 women who enrolled in the Sister Study between 2003 and 2009. This cohort includes women aged 35-74 whose sister had been diagnosed with breast cancer. Residential measures of greenness were determined using the US National Land Cover database. Logistic regression was used to characterize associations between greenness, obesity, and physical activity. Adjustments were made for other possible confounders. Women who lived in areas with the highest tertile of greenness (based on a 500 m buffer) had a reduced risk of obesity (body mass index (BMI) >= 30) relative to those in the lowest tertile (odds ratio (OR) = 0.83, 95% CI = 0.79-0.87). We also found that those the upper tertile of greenness were 17% more likely to expend more than 67.1 metabolic equivalent (MET) hours per week when compared to those in the lowest tertile (OR = 1.17, 95% CI = 1.10-1.23). Beneficial associations between greenness and both obesity and physical activity were observed in urban and rural areas, and regionally, stronger associations were observed in the western census region in the US. Mediation analyses indicated that physical activity attenuated the association between greenness and obesity by 32%. Our findings indicate that, amongst US adult women at higher risks of breast cancer, residential proximity to greenness may help mitigate against sedentary behaviors that increase the risk of chronic disease."
"AB Accurate identification of the dominant driving factors in the expansion of a city is essential for cellular automata (CA)-based urban expansion modelling. The current study aimed at analyzing the drivers of change for Vijayawada city, a tier-II developing city in south-east Asia, India and then applies them to model the future scenario of the city in a CA-based environment. Furthermore, the study also aims at comparing the efficiency of the renowned CA-based urban growth model, SLEUTH (Slope, Land use, Exclusion, Urban extent, Transportation, Hill shade), and a self-designed CA-based hybrid model developed in combination with genetic algorithm (GA) for developing future scenario of the city. The models were built, calibrated, and validated for the city using land use maps derived from temporal Landsat satellite images. Analysis of the statistical significance of the driving factors shows that the terrain and population density are the two dominant factors influencing expansion of the city. Both the models output on predicting the urban growth indicate that the available open spaces within the existing city extent gets further converted to built-up indicating infill development, and more growth occurs along the fringes of the existing city. Also, emergence of new urban centers merged with the existing city areas for predictions till 2050 and extended into the dense vegetation on the north resulting in further reduction of green cover around the city. Validation of both the models showed overall accuracy higher than 85%. The inclusion of the demographic variable and utilization of the GA ensured that the hybrid model performs better than the SLEUTH model. Analysis on the built-up densification of the cityscape showed a shift in the pattern of built-up dynamics over time. The built urban expansion scenario for Vijayawada informs urban modelers and policymakers the possible evolution of the city."
AB Introduction: Dietary patterns are an important factors in the progress of cardiovascular disease. This study aimed to assess the association between dietary patterns and coronary artery disease (CAD).
"AB Supply chain management aims to designing, managing and coordinating material/product, information and financial flows to fulfill the customer requirements at low costs and thereby increasing supply chain profitability. In the last decades, data envelopment analysis has become the main topic of interest as a mathematical tool to evaluate supply chain management. While, various data envelopment analysis models have been suggested to measure and evaluate the supply chain management, there is a lack of research regarding to systematic literature review and classification of study in this field. Regarding this, some major databases including Web of Science and Scopus have been nominated and systematic and meta-analysis method which called ""PRISMA"" has been proposed. Accordingly, a review of 75 published articles appearing in 35 scholarly international journals and conferences between 1996 and 2016 have been attained to reach a comprehensive review of data envelopment analysis models in evaluation supply chain management. Consequently, the selected published articles have been categorized by author name, the year of publication, technique, application area, country, scope, data envelopment analysis purpose, study purpose, research gap and contribution, results and outcome, and journals and conferences in which they appeared. The results of this study indicated that areas of supplier selection, supply chain efficiency and sustainable supply chain have had the highest frequently than other areas. In addition, results of this review paper indicated that data envelopment analysis showed great promise to be a good evaluative tool for future evaluation on supply chain management, where the production function between the inputs and outputs was virtually absent or extremely difficult to acquire. The facility of multiple inputs and multiple outputs of the data envelopment analysis model was definitely an attractive one to most researchers and, therefore, the data envelopment analysis procedure had found many applications beyond supply chain management into organization and industry."
"AB New urbanism advocates for the design of the compact, pedestrian-friendly, mixed-use developments thought to promote walking. New urbanist proponents also claim their developments incur other social and wellbeing benefits, including enhanced safety from crime; however there is limited empirical evidence supporting this. We tested the premise that new urbanism inhibits crime by examining the relationship between compliance with a planning policy based on new urbanism and: (1) residents' reports of victimisation; and (2) objective crime measures. RESIDE Participants (n = 603) who had lived in their new developments for 36 months completed a questionnaire that included items on their experiences of victimisation. Detailed measures quantifying the degree to which these developments (n = 36) complied with the policy requirements were generated in Geographic Information Systems. Logistic regression examined the associations between policy compliance and self-report victimisation, and negative binomial log-linear models examined area-level associations between compliance and objective crime. For each 10% increase in overall policy compliance, the odds of being a victim reduced by 40% (OR = 0.60, CI = 0.53-0.67, p = 0.000). Findings for the individual policy 'elements' were consistent with this: for each 10% increment in compliance with the community design, movement network, lot layout and public parkland elements, the odds of victimisation reduced by approximately 6% (p = 0.264), 51% (p = 0.001), 15% (p = 0.000) and 22% (p = 0.001) respectively. However, while policy compliance correlated with lower odds of self-report victimisation among residents, the associations between compliance and development-wide (objective) crime were positive but non-significant. The results indicate that planning policies based on new urbanism may indeed deliver other social and wellbeing benefits for residents, however they also hint that the design of an 'objectively' safe place may differ from the design of a 'subjectively' safe space. (C) 2015 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB The ratio of evaporation to evapotranspiration (E/ET) and crop coefficients (K-c) are important parameters for evaluating the water-saving potentials of agronomic technologies and they may vary with different practices of dryland cultivation. This study synchronously investigated changes of E/ET and IQ for three years using two eddy covariance systems and multi-microlysimeters under two cultivation methods-conventional flat planting without mulching (CK) and a furrow-ridge system with plastic film partially mulching (MFR)-on the semiarid Loess Plateau of China. Due to an increase of vapor diffusion resistance at the soil-air interface partially mulched by plastic film, the average E and ET of MFR Were lower than those of CK by 38.1% and 9.3%, respectively, for the three growing seasons. Thus, the average E/ET in MFR decreased by 11.2 percentage points compared with CK. E/ET showed a significant logistic function with the green leaf area index (GLAI) under both treatments during the three growing seasons. The seasonal IQ varied with GLAI following a step function curve for both treatments, and was linearly correlated to GLAI with significance levels when GLAI was below the thresholds of 3.0 and 3.2-3.4 for CK and MFR, respectively. Maximum IQ values were 1.01 +/- 0.05 and 0.91 +/- 0.09 for CK and MFR, respectively, at the middle crop growth stage. These results suggest that MFR can significantly reduce E/ET and maximum IQ, which help to improve yield and water use efficiency in rainfed spring maize fields. Consequently, MFR enhanced the average grain yield and crop water use efficiency by 12.5% and 24.6%, which amounted to 11527 kg/ha and 3.36 kg/m(3), respectively. Therefore, MFR promoted crop water productivity and is an effective approach to solve water crises in dryland regions. (C) 2016 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB Characteristics of an individual alone cannot exhaustively explain all the causes of poor health, and neighborhood of residence have been suggested to be one of the factors that contribute to health. However, knowledge about aspects of the neighborhood that are most important to health is limited. The main objective of this study was to explore associations between certain features of neighborhood environment and self-rated health and depressive symptoms in Maastricht (The Netherlands). A large amount of routinely collected neighborhood data were aggregated by means of factor analysis to 18 characteristics of neighborhood social and physical environment. Associations between these characteristics and self-rated health and presence of depressive symptoms were further explored in multilevel logistic regression models adjusted for individual demographic and socio-economic factors. The study sample consisted of 9,879 residents (mean age 55 years, 48 % male). Residents of unsafe communities were less likely to report good health (OR 0.88 95 % CI 0.80-0.97) and depressive symptoms (OR 0.81 95 % CI 0.69-0.97), and less cohesive environment was related to worse self-rated health (OR 0.81 95 % CI 0.72-0.92). Residents of neighborhoods with more car traffic nuisance and more disturbance from railway noise reported worse mental health (OR 0.79 95 % CI 0.68-0.92 and 0.85 95 % CI 0.73-0.99, respectively). We did not observe any association between health and quality of parking and shopping facilities, facilities for public or private transport, neighborhood aesthetics, green space, industrial nuisance, sewerage, neighbor nuisance or satisfaction with police performance. Our findings can be used to support development of integrated health policies targeting broader determinants of health. Improving safety, social cohesion and decreasing traffic nuisance in disadvantaged neighborhoods might be a promising way to improve the health of residents and reduce health inequalities."
"AB The increasing pressure on manufacturing organizations to produce eco-friendly products has led these organizations to select sustainable contract manufacturers for outsourcing their products. This study aims to develop an approach for selecting a contract manufacturer (CM), having the capability of producing environmentally sustainable automotive products for original equipment manufacturers (OEMs). A framework is proposed to achieve this task. This framework is developed by integrating two multi-criteria decision-making techniques (MCDM), viz. Analytical Hierarchy Process (AHP) and ViseKriterijumska Optimizacija I Kompromisno Resenje (VIKOR). The selection of the CM for producing eco-friendly automotive products is based on certain criteria (i.e., different life cycle stages of products to be considered by CM) and sub-criteria (i.e., various ecodesign practices to be implemented by CM under each life cycle stage of products). A total of 22 sub-criteria are selected on the basis of literature and expert's opinion from auto industry and academia. The application of the proposed research has been demonstrated through a case study which includes 4 alternative contract manufacturing companies related to automotive products. AHP method has been utilized to assign the weightage to different criteria and sub-criteria, whereas VIKOR approach has been utilized to evaluate the environmental performance of 4 CMs and to select the most efficient one. Results show that ""Ensuring easy maintenance and repair,"" ""Improving durability and higher reliability,"" and ""Using alternative manufacturing techniques"" are the top 3 criteria for the selection of sustainable CM. In addition, CM3 stands out to be the most sustainable among the four alternative CMs because of the ability to consider key environmental criteria especially during the selection of raw materials and manufacturing processes. The outcomes of this research may be utilized by the OEMs to understand the different criteria for selection of a sustainable contract manufacturer. Also, the proposed approach can lead the OEMs to evaluate the environmental performance of different contract manufacturers and to select the best one."
"AB In the past, many image encryption schemes have been developed through the swapping operations at the different levels of granularity. These levels span bits, Deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) molecules, pixels, blocks of pixels. In this study, a new scheme for the encryption of color images based on the DNA strands level scrambling (DNASLS) and chaotic system has been proposed. After a color image is input, it is decomposed into the red, green and blue components. After it, these components are merged to form a big single image. Intertwining logistic map (ILM) has been used for the random data which generates three streams of random numbers. These streams have been further manipulated in such a way that nine streams are spawned out of them. One stream out of these nine streams has been used for the generation of a key image. Two streams have been used to DNA-encode the big single image and the key image. Afterwards, the strands of DNA-encoded single image are swapped with each other. Four streams determine the addresses of two DNA encoded pixels for the selection. A yet another stream is being used to select a particular strand from the DNA strands. To create the diffusion effects, an XOR operation has been done between the DNA encoded image after the swapping of strands and the DNA encoded key image. Finally, the last and ninth stream has been used to decode the DNA-encoded pixels into the decimal form. Purely random numbers with no inter-dependence have been employed in the entire encryption process. The effects of plaintext sensitivity have been achieved through the incorporation of Secure Hash Algorithm-256 or SHA-256 hash codes. In the end, the experiment and the security analysis have been performed. The results of the validation metrics like information entropy(7.9973), average key sensitivity(99.61%) and mean absolute error(84.7158) demonstrate the security, defiance to the number of attacks and a potential for real world application of the proposed image cipher."
"AB With increasing globalization and international cooperation, the importance of sustainability management across supply chains has received much attention by companies across various industries. Companies therefore strive to implement effective and integrated sustainable supply chain management initiatives to improve their operational and economic performance while also minimizing unnecessary damage to the environment and maintaining their social reputation and images. The paper presents an easy-to-use decision-support approach based on multiple-criteria decision-making (MCDM) methodologies that aim to help companies develop effective models for timely decision-making involving sustainable supply chain management strategies. The proposed approach can be used by practitioners to ultimately build a comprehensive Analytic Network Process model that will adequately capture and reveal all the interrelationships and interdependency among the elements in the problem, which is often a very difficult task. To facilitate and simplify this complex process, we propose that hierarchical thinking be used first to structure the essences of the problem capturing only the major issues, and an Analytic Hierarchy Process (AHP) model be built. Users can learn from the modeling process and gain much insight into the problem. The AHP can then be extended to an Analytic Network Process (ANP) model so as to capture the relationships and interdependencies among the elements. Our approach can reduce the sustainable expertise, effort and information that are often needed to build an ANP model from scratch. We apply our approach to the evaluation of sustainable supply chain management strategies for the fashion industry. Three main dimensions of sustainability-environmental, economic and social-are considered. Based on the literature, we identified four alternative supply chain management strategies. It was found that the Reverse Logistics alternative appears to be the recommended solution by the AHP model. However, the Socially Leagile Supply Chain is recommended by the ANP model, thereby demonstrating the necessity and importance of considering interdependencies in the model."
"AB Objective To estimate the prevalence of nonadherence to treatment and its relationship with social support and social context in patients with multimorbidity and polypharmacy followed-up in primary care. Methods This was an observational, descriptive, cross-sectional, multicenter study with an analytical approach. A total of 593 patients between 65-74 years of age with multimorbidity (>= 3 diseases) and polypharmacy (>= 5 drugs) during the last three months and agreed to participate in the MULTIPAP Study. The main variable was adherence (Morisky-Green). The predictors were social support (structural support and functional support (DUFSS)); sociodemographic variables; indicators of urban objective vulnerability; health-related quality of life (EQ-5D-5L-VAS & QALY); and clinical variables. Descriptive, bivariate and multivariate analyses with logistic regression models and robust estimators were performed. Results Four out of ten patients were nonadherent, 47% had not completed primary education, 28.7% had an income <= 1050 euro/month, 35% reported four or more IUVs, and the average perceived health-related quality of life (HRQOL) EQ-5D-5L-VAS was 65.5. The items that measure functional support, with significantly different means between nonadherent and adherent patients were receiving love and affection (-0.23; 95%CI: -0.40;-0.06), help when ill (-0.25; 95%CI: -0.42;-0.08), useful advice (-0.20; 95%CI: -0.37;-0.02), social invitations (-0.22; 95%CI:-0.44;-0.01), and recognition (-0.29; 95%CI:-0.50;-0.08). Factors associated with nonadherence were belonging to the medium vs. low tertile of functional support (0.62; 95%CI: 0.42;0.94), reporting less than four IUVs (0.69; 95%CI: 0.46;1.02) and higher HRQOL perception (0.98; 95%CI: 0.98;0.99). Conclusions Among patients 65-74 years of age with multimorbidity and polypharmacy, lower functional support was related to nonadherence to treatment. The nonadherence decreased in those patients with higher functional support, lower urban vulnerability and higher perceived health status according to the visual analog scale of health-related quality of life."
"AB Farmers' markets are increasingly popular food venues in Canada. However, they have unique food safety challenges due to their operational characteristics. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the food safety behaviours of farmers' market vendors in the Greater Toronto Area of Ontario, Canada, to identify possible food safety risks and areas for future education and training. The food safety behaviours of vendors selling time-temperature control for safety (TCS) foods were observed throughout 2018 at 60 markets. Observations were conducted discretely and recorded on a standardized form via a smartphone. Data were descriptively analysed, and two selected outcomes were evaluated in multivariable logistic regression models. Prepared foods (50%) were the most commonly sold type of TCS food product among all observed vendors (n = 454). While general cleanliness and sanitation was very high, 27% of vendors did not provide cross-contamination protection methods for at least some of their TCS foods. Similarly, 66% and 48% of vendors who sold foods requiring cold and hot holding (n = 410 and 162, respectively) did not provide temperature control for at least some of their foods. Cold-holding temperature control was more commonly observed among vendors selling raw meat, poultry, and fish, and less commonly observed among those selling ready-to-eat meats; fresh-cut leafy green vegetables, tomatoes, and melons; and cheese and dairy products. A mean of 4.55 (SD = 2.62) behaviours requiring handwashing was observed per vendor across 1356 customer transactions, but only 2.9% of vendors attempted handwashing. Most vendors handled food with their bare hands on at least one occasion (79%); this behaviour was more commonly observed at weekend markets and among vendors engaged in multiple roles, and less commonly observed among vendors selling prepared foods. The study results have identified targeted areas for future food safety education and training with farmers' markets vendors in Ontario."
"AB Background: To reduce the neurovascular complications caused by physical restraint in intensive care patients, there is a need to examine the occurrence of neurovascular complications and their rate."
AB Background
"AB Drought-induced episodes of forest die-off are being reported world-wide, and recent evidence shows that increases in temperature due to climate change are contributing to this decline. Several ecological mechanisms have been invoked at the plant level to explain the vulnerability of trees to this widespread drought-induced mortality. Apart from ecological factors, some genetic factors might also influence population responses to disturbances: it has been reported, for example, that genetic diversity enhances population resilience through genotypic complementarity, whereas genetic relatedness between conspecific individuals exerts a negative influence on variations in fecundity. However, we lack empirical data that prove any functional relationship between levels of individual inbreeding or kinship and patterns of drought-induced forest die-off resulting from field conditions. Here, we investigated the role of ecological, phenotypic and genetic factors in determining the response of trees to prolonged drought conditions. We focused on populations of the small tree Juniperus phoenicea L. that recently experienced severe drought-induced die-off in semi-arid woodlands from central Spain. We correlated mean individual inbreeding (f) and mean kinship between individuals within a plot (f(ij)) with remaining green plant canopy and crop size. We found that f was negatively correlated with plant performance, whereas f(ij) was not. Healthier canopy also tended to correspond with large plants and neighbourhoods dominated by trees and shrubs, suggesting a role for facilitative interactions and microsite heterogeneity. Accordingly, the probability of severe damage increased linearly with f, and individuals growing in open habitats with f values > 0625 only had 15% chance of remaining unaffected after a period of prolonged drought. We show that both vegetative and reproductive responses to prolonged drought episodes are determined by multiple factors, including individual inbreeding. Therefore, any fuller understanding of phenomena such as drought-induced forest die-off needs to incorporate the contribution of individual genetic variations in conjunction with plant-plant interactions."
"AB Under national climate change countermeasures, some Japanese firms have set science-based targets (SBT) for carbon emission to achieve the goal of keeping global warming below 2 degrees C. Some scholars proposed that by implementing an internal carbon pricing (ICP) strategy, firms can prepare themselves for the uncertainties of external carbon pricing in advance. Can Japanese firms effectively utilize these practical carbon management tools (strategies) (i.e., SBT and ICP) to enhance their carbon management reputation (CMR)? CMR can be regarded as an important indicator of low-carbon competitiveness in future international trade. So far, this topic has never been explored. Based on this perspective, this study focuses on the period of 2016-2019 after the Paris Agreement went into effect. The full samples consist of 1,994 Japanese firms using ordinal logistic regression. The empirical results indicate that, overall, Japanese sample firms which set SBT or implemented ICP strategy have better CMR, but the odds ratio (OR) of setting SBT is higher than that of ICP on enhancing CMR. Besides, implementation of both SBT and ICP approaches can create a significant complementary or additional effect on the improvement of CMR for only firms in high carbon emission industries (HCEI). The practical implication of this study is that HCEI's managers are advised to adopt both SBT and ICP mitigating climate change risk in an ever-evolving regulatory. Further, it is not cost-effective for non-high carbon emission industries (NHCEI) to implement both SBT and ICP simultaneously. Instead, priority setting SBT will be more appropriate for NHCEI in improving CMR. How should firms' managers of different carbon emission attributes effectively utilize SBT and/or ICP to enhance their CMR in Japan? The aim of this study is to fill related evidences. (C) 2021 Institution of Chemical Engineers. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
AB Objectives
"AB The successful launch of the Sentinel-2 constellation satellite, along with advanced cloud detection algorithms, has enabled the generation of continuous time series at high spatial and temporal resolutions, which is in turn expected to enable the classification of salt marsh vegetation over larger spatiotemporal scales. This study presents a critical comparison of vegetation index (VI) and curve fitting methods-two key factors for time series construction that potentially influence vegetation classification performance. To accomplish this objective, the stability of five different VI time series, namely Normalized Difference Vegetation Index (NDVI), Soil-Adjusted Vegetation Index (SAVI), Enhanced Vegetation Index (EVI), Green Normalized Difference Vegetation Index (GNDVI), and Water-Adjusted Vegetation Index (WAVI), was compared empirically; the suitability between three curve fitting methods, namely Asymmetric Gaussian (AG), Double Logistic (DL), and Two-term Fourier (TF), and VI time series was measured using the coefficient of determination, and the salt marsh vegetation separability among different combinations of VI time series and curve fitting methods (i.e., VI time series-based curve fitting model) was quantified using overall the Jeffries-Matusita distance. Six common types of salt marsh vegetation from three typical coastal sites in China were used to validate these findings, which demonstrate: (1) the SAVI performed best in terms of time series stability, while the EVI exhibited relatively poor time series stability with conspicuous outliers induced by the sensitivity to omitted clouds and shadows; (2) the DL method commonly resulted in the most accurate classification of different salt marsh vegetation types, especially when combined with the EVI time series, followed by the TF method; and (3) the SAVI/NDVI-based DL/TF model demonstrated comparable efficiency for classifying salt marsh vegetation. Notably, the SAVI/NDVI-based DL model performed most strongly for high latitude regions with a continental climate, whilst the SAVI/NDVI-based TF model appears to be better suited to mid- to low latitude regions dominated by a monsoonal climate."
"AB Purpose - Breast cancer is the most increasing female cancer worldwide, including Bangladesh. The purpose of this study was to investigate the association between dietary patterns and knowledge perception of breast cancer risk patients in Bangladesh."
"AB Introduction: The advent of the COVID-19 pandemic has led to the sudden disruption of routine medical care, and the subsequent reorganization of hospital structures and therapeutic algorithms, aiming at protecting patients and health professionals. This was inevitably bound to affect our Breast Unit, dilating both pre- and post-operative times. The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect on patients' flow of organizational and logistic changes (key interventions) based on lean thinking implemented after the COVID-19 outbreak."
"AB Garlic consumption has been associated inversely with esophageal cancer (EC); however, its interactions with tobacco smoking and alcohol consumption have never been evaluated in an epidemiological study. We evaluated the potential interactions between garlic intake and tobacco smoking as well as alcohol consumption in a population-based case-control study with 2969 incident EC cases and 8019 healthy controls. Epidemiologic data were collected by face-to-face interviews using a questionnaire. The adjusted odds ratio (OR) and 95% confidence interval (CI) were estimated and additive and multiplicative interactions were evaluated using unconditional logistic regression models, adjusting for potential confounding factors. Semi-Bayes (SB) adjustments were used to reduce potential false-positive findings. EC was associated inversely with raw garlic intake [SB-adjusted OR for more than once a week=0.68, 95% CI: 0.57-0.80], with a strong dose-response pattern in the overall analysis and in the stratified analyses by smoking and drinking. EC was associated positively with smoking and alcohol drinking, with SB-adjusted OR of 1.73 (95% CI: 1.62-1.85) and 1.37 (95% CI: 1.28-1.46) in dose-response effects of increased intensity and longer duration of smoking/drinking. Moreover, garlic intake interacts with smoking [synergy index (S)=0.83, 95% CI: 0.67-1.02; ratio of OR=0.88, 95% CI: 0.80-0.98] and alcohol drinking (S=0.73, 95% CI: 0.57-0.93; ratio of OR=0.86, 95% CI: 0.77-0.95) both multiplicatively and additively. Our findings suggested that high intake of raw garlic may reduce EC risk and may interact with tobacco smoking and alcohol consumption, which might shed a light on the development of EC as well as a potential dietary intervention among high-risk smokers and drinkers for EC prevention in the Chinese population."
"AB During a foodborne crisis, risk assessors are often scrambling to assemble data needed to trace suspected foods along very complex supply chains. Although traceability systems ensure that stakeholders in the supply chain record lot-specific trace-back and trace-forward data, there are few databases available that describe in detail the flow of product in the complex web of supply chains. This paper presents the methodological approach used to design and assemble a relational database of nation-wide trade data for packaged ready-to-eat lettuce and leafy greens. The database was used in the development of an integrated simulation tool (Canadian GIS-based Risk Assessment, Simulation and Planning for food safety tool, i.e. CanGRASP) that can predict the spatial distribution and public health risk associated with contaminated food. The database includes the geographical coordinates of 5 domestic processors, 28 produce distribution centres and 2946 retail outlets from five of the top ten retail chains in Canada. It also includes other critical information to predict the fate of pathogens during distribution of contaminated product through the supply chain including: (a) product volumes handled by each stakeholder, (b) flow of product between stakeholders, (c) temperatures of product each season, and (d) times products spend in each step or during transit between steps, for each season. The database is used by both the simulation and mapping components of the integrated simulation tool during risk assessment exercises associated with emergency preparedness planning and training. Using the database, CanGRASP was able to assess the spread of the population at risk during a simulation of a hypothetical outbreak caused by fresh-cut leafy vegetables contaminated with Escherichia coli O157:H7 in the Canadian food distribution systems during both summer and winter seasons. Crown Copyright (C) 2014 Published by Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
AB Background
AB Background: Poor adherence to long-term therapies is a public health concern that affects all populations. Little is known about the context of adherence in chronic diseases for the uninsured population in the United States.
"AB Background. Factor V has never been compared to a validated early allograft dysfunction (EAD) definition. We aimed to assess factor V as a biomarker of EAD and a predictor of graft loss after liver transplantation (LT). Methods. We retrospectively assessed the serum factor V levels on postoperative day 1 after LT. Patients were divided according to their factor V levels into the <= 36.1 U/mL and > 36.1 U/mL groups. The primary outcome was graft loss within 1, 3, and 6 months. The secondary outcome was EAD, as defined by Olthoff et al. Predictors of outcomes were identified by multivariable logistic regression. Results. Two hundred twenty-seven patients were included in the study: 74 with factor V of 36.1 U/mL or less and 153 with factor V > 36.1 U/mL. EAD was diagnosed in 41 (55.4%) of 74 patients with factor V of 36.1 U/mL or less and in 20/153 (13.1%) patients with factor V > 36.1 U/mL (P < 0.001). According to the multivariable regression model, factor V was a continuous marker of EAD (odds ratio [OR], 0.96; 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.94-0.98 per U/mL). Among the study groups, the 1-, 3-, and 6-month graft survival rates were 82%, 74%, and 74%, respectively, for patients with factor V of 36.1 U/mL or less and 98%, 95%, and 95%, respectively, for patients with factor V > 36.1 U/mL (P = 0.001). Factor V was a continuous predictor for 3- and 6-month graft losses (OR, 0.96; 95% CI, 0.94-0.99 and OR, 0.97; 95% CI, 0.94-0.99 per U/mL), whereas EAD was not significant when adjusted for factor V. Conclusion. Factor V is an early marker for EAD and is a continuous predictor of short-term graft loss after LT."
"AB Understanding the spatial distributions of visitors is critical for urban forest park planning and management. Utilizing GPS trackers and a survey, this study focuses on two large urban forest parks in Shanghai to identify the main user groups and explore their use patterns, spatial distribution patterns, and preferred park settings. Valid data of 304 users' movement and spatial location were collected using GPS trackers with a 10-second interval. The results indicate that Chinese users usually visit urban forest parks in small groups with families and friends. The three major user groups are those come to play with children, have contact with nature and relax, and get together with families and friends. The average nearest neighbor and standard deviational ellipse analyses indicate that users who come to have contact with nature and relax engage in more vigorous activities, are spatially more dispersed and explore larger areas of forest parks. Logistic regression and hotspot analyses suggest that users who come to play with children and get together with families and friends prefer to stay in areas that can accommodate group activities, such as amusement areas, lawns, and barbeque sites. Points of interest in the park tend to attract users who want to have contact with nature and relax. Findings of the study provides empirical evidence on the associations between users' motivations and their spatial distribution patterns in urban forest park, which has direct implications to park planning and design. In practice, designers may provide preferred park settings and spacious activity zones to accommodate group activities, and disperse park features preferred by different user groups to avoid potential conflicts between visitors with social-oriented and nature-oriented motivations. The study is unique in that it proposes an objective approach to analyze users' movement in nature recreation area using GPS data and spatial statistics techniques."
"AB Background. Panic Attacks (PAs) and Panic Disorder (PD) represent a heavy burden not only because of the difficulty in distinguishing them from other pathologies and in treating them appropriately but also because of their impact on public health worldwide. In Europe, PD constitutes one of the five most common mental disorders adversely affecting quality of life."
"AB Background: Both physical exercise and the built environment are associated with cardiovascular diseases (CVDs). Yet, the influence of the multiple dimensions of the built environment and different types of physical exercise on CVDs is not well understood. Further, little is known about the joint effects of physical exercise and the built environment, nor whether one mediates the effect of the other on the risk of CVDs. We aim to investigate the risk of CVDs on middle aged and older Chinese adult populations by analyzing the independent effects, as well as potential interactions and mediation effects of different types of physical exercise and two dimensions of the built environment; namely, greenness and walkability."
"AB Background: Both social and physical neighbourhood factors may affect residents' health, but few studies have considered the combination of several exposures in relation to individual health status."
"AB Aims. Rural and remote regions tend to be characterised by poorer socioeconomic conditions than urban areas, yet findings regarding differences in mental health between rural and urban areas have been inconsistent. This suggests that other features of these areas may reduce the impact of hardship on mental health. Little research has explored the relationship of financial hardship or deprivation with mental health across geographical areas."
"AB Background: Rates of active travel vary by socio-economic position, with higher rates generally observed among less affluent populations. Aspects of both social and built environments have been shown to affect active travel, but little research has explored the influence of physical environmental characteristics, and less has examined whether physical environment affects socio-economic inequality in active travel. This study explored income-related differences in active travel in relation to multiple physical environmental characteristics including air pollution, climate and levels of green space, in urban areas across England. We hypothesised that any gradient in the relationship between income and active travel would be least pronounced in the least physically environmentally-deprived areas where higher income populations may be more likely to choose active transport as a means of travel."
"AB With more than half the world's population residing in urban areas and this proportion rising, it is important to understand how well-planned urban environments might improve, and reduce inequalities in, quality of life (QoL). Although studies suggest city-level characteristics hold independent influence on QoL, they generally lack a theoretically informed approach to understanding how the whole city landscape might be implicated, have paid scant attention to inequalities in QoL and often focus on small numbers of cities or countries. We applied theory and methods from landscape ecology to explore associations between cities' land cover/use, residents' reported life satisfaction and within-city socio-economic inequalities in life satisfaction. We joined individual level responses to the European Urban Audit (EUA) Perception Surveys (2012, 2015) with city-level data from the European Urban Atlas classifying land cover/use into 26 different classes. Our sample included 63,554 people from 66 cities in 28 countries. Multilevel binary logistic models found that specific land use measures were associated with life satisfaction, including the amount of a city which was: residential (OR:0.991, 95%CI 0.984-0.997); isolated structures (OR:1.046, 95 CI 1.002-1.091); roads (OR0.989, 95%CI 0.982-0.996); pastures (OR: 1.002, 95% CI 1.002-1.003) and herbaceous vegetation (OR:0.998, 95%CI 0.997-0.100). A more even distribution of land cover/use (beta: 1.561, 95%CI-3.021 to 0.102) was associated with lower inequality in life satisfaction. This is the first study to theorise and examine how the entire urban landscape may affect levels of and inequalities in wellbeing in a large international sample. Our finding that more equal distribution of land cover/use is associated with lower levels of socio-economic inequality in life satisfaction supports the idea that city environments could be equigenic that is, could create equality. Our findings can aid urban planners to develop and build cities that can contribute to improving, and narrowing inequalities in, residents' life satisfaction."
AB Introduction: Skin flap necrosis after mastectomy can be a devastating complication significantly affecting patient outcomes. Routine vascular analysis (fluorescein or laser angiography) of mastectomy skin flaps in all patients has been advocated but is of questionable cost-effectiveness. The purpose of this study was to identify the incidence and causative risk factors for mastectomy skin flap necrosis and thereby calculate the fiscal reality of intraoperative vascular screening.
AB Background. The purpose of this cross-sectional study was to determine if Healthy Eating Index (HEI-2015) scores are associated with coronal caries and the odds of untreated coronal caries in adults 20 years and older.
"AB Background Real-time elastography has been proposed to increase the sensitivity of ultrasound and improve the detection of thyroid nodules at risk of malignancy. To date sparse data on real-time elastography assessment of autonomously functioning thyroid nodules exist. Here, we investigated the potential role of real-time elastography in autonomously functioning thyroid nodule assessment. Specifically, the correlation between serum hormones and real-time elastography score, as well as other clinical and ultrasound features, was analyzed."
"AB Background: In recent years, organizational maturity has disseminated its concepts to various management domains, for instance, Supply Chain Management (SCM). The present paper is an attempt to review the developments in the realm of SCM over the past two decades. In the domain of SCM maturity, different models, dimensions (areas) and approaches are advanced for maturity measurements."
"AB Cross-docking is one of the effective strategies in logistic systems that lead to the reduction of inventory costs and timely delivery of cargos. Overall, activities related to cross-docks include three general classes of loading, sorting, and unloading of cargo. By sorting, it means integration and consolidation. However, most research works merely take loading and unloading related consideration into account. Observing the considerations associated with integration and consolidation processes in cross-docking can demonstrate the effectiveness of this strategy among other logistical systems alone. Increasing social awareness on sustainable development has also led to the emergence of concepts related to green and sustainable supply chain management. Thus, current research provides an integrated model for coordination between decisions related to pickup the cargo from the suppliers, vehicle routing from suppliers to the cross-dock, allocation of inbound vehicles to cross-dock, integration, and consolidation of cargo in cross-dock, allocation of sorted cargo to outbound vehicle, and vehicle routing from cross-dock to customers. The mathematical programming model provided in this research has two purposes. Firstly, it seeks for minimizing total system cost, and secondly, it aims at minimizing total fuel consumption by vehicles, which leads to the reduction of greenhouse gases. Additionally, in order to solve the proposed model, three multi-objective meta-heuristic algorithms, non-dominated ranking genetic algorithm (NRGA), non-dominated sorting genetic algorithm (NSGA-II), and multi-objective particle swarm optimization (MOPSO) are developed. The results show that taking into account the processes of integration and consolidation in the cross-docking, processes of collecting products from suppliers and delivering them to customers makes it possible to obtain the more accurate estimates of the final date of delivering the products to the customers. Furthermore, the above considerations reduce the system costs and, as a result, make economic savings. Therefore, it is reasonable to justify the use of cross-docking. As a result, a sustainable and integrated structure is achieved in cross-docking planning. (C) 2018 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB The problem of industrial pollution has increased globally at presently. Countries across the globe are aware of the concept of sustainable implementation in industries from a local to the global level to reduce pollution. Recent research supported this by focusing on Small and Medium Enterprises (SMEs) rather than Multinational Corporations (MNC). Sustainability development is a key to ensure control of the hazards and pollution in traditional activities. In India, many SMEs are involved in manufacturing varied products and services for customers. The auto component manufacturing sector is playing as an important role in the Indian economy by creating numerous job opportunities. Based on this, researchers gave special attention to auto components SMEs in sustainable development (SD) because of pollution which harms the environment. Analysis of SD is an essential activity for industries to ensure environmental improvement. Analyzing the indicators for SD helps confirm the development of sustainability in industries. However, analyzing the indicators for SD is a challenge for managers and needs detailed analysis and significant effort. Indicator analysis is a vague concept for managers who lack alternatives to evaluate SD in their industry. The aim of this present paper is to develop a set of measurement indicators for SD from literature. This paper, with the help of discussions with experts and Decision-making Trial and Evaluation Laboratory (DEMATEL) methodology analyzes sustainable development indicators in the auto components sectors. Fifteen SD indicators were considered for this study from a relevant literature background. These SD indicators indicate the industries' sustainable development. Based on their interest, a questionnaire for this study was circulated among 35 leading auto components manufacturing SMEs in North India. This study will identify the influential indicator for SD based on experts' judgments through a pairwise comparison matrix. The results from the study clearly states that Indian auto component manufacturing industries believe that among the fifteen listed indicators, carbon management indicator helps in measuring sustainable development. Due to this reason, embedded or embodied carbon (SI2) indicator plays an influential role. Finally, the study concludes with insights about the future path of sustainability performance in a developing country like India. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Rapid urbanization has caused severe deterioration of air quality globally, leading to increased hospitalization and premature deaths. Therefore, accurate prediction of air quality is crucial for mitigation planning to support urban sustainability and resilience. Although some studies have predicted air pollutants such as particulate matter (PM) using machine learning algorithms (MLAs), there is a paucity of studies on spatial hazard assessment with respect to the air quality index (AQI). Incorporating PM in AQI studies is crucial because of its easily inhalable micro-size which has adverse impacts on ecology, environment, and human health. Accurate and timely prediction of the air quality index can ensure adequate intervention to aid air quality management. Therefore, this study undertakes a spatial hazard assessment of the air quality index using particulate matter with a diameter of 10 mu m or lesser (PM10) in Selangor, Malaysia, by developing four machine learning models: eXtreme Gradient Boosting (XGBoost), random forest (RF), K-nearest neighbour (KNN), and Naive Bayes (NB). Spatially processed data such as NDVI, SAVI, BU, LST, Ws, slope, elevation, and road density was used for the modelling. The model was trained with 70% of the dataset, while 30% was used for cross-validation. Results showed that XGBoost has the highest overall accuracy and precision of 0.989 and 0.995, followed by random forest (0.989, 0.993), K-nearest neighbour (0.987, 0.984), and Naive Bayes (0.917, 0.922), respectively. The spatial air quality maps were generated by integrating the geographical information system (GIS) with the four MLAs, which correlated with Malaysia's air pollution index. The maps indicate that air quality in Selangor is satisfactory and posed no threats to health. Nevertheless, the two algorithms with the best performance (XGBoost and RF) indicate that a high percentage of the air quality is moderate. The study concludes that successful air pollution management policies such as green infrastructure practice. improvement of energy efficiency, and restrictions on heavy-duty vehicles can be adopted in Selangor and other Southeast Asian cities to prevent deterioration of air quality in the future."
AB Purpose
"AB Salt tea is the most commonly used beverage in Kashmir, India, where esophageal squamous cell carcinoma (ESCC) is the most common cancer. Salt tea is brewed in a unique way in Kashmir, usually with addition of sodium bicarbonate, which makes salt tea alkaline. As little information about the association between salt tea drinking and ESCC was available, we conducted a large-scale case-control study to investigate this association in Kashmir. We recruited 703 histologically confirmed cases of ESCC and 1664 controls individually matched to cases for age, sex, and district of residence. Conditional logistic regression models were used to calculate odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (95% CIs). Participants who consumed >1,250 ml day(-1) showed an increased risk of ESCC (OR=2.60, 95% CIs=1.68-4.02). Samovar (a special vessel for the beverage preparation) users (OR=1.77, 95% CIs 1.25-2.50) and those who ate cereal paste with salt tea (OR=2.14, 95% CIs=1.55-2.94) or added bicarbonate sodium to salt tea (OR=2.12, 95% CIs=1.33-3.39) were at higher risk of ESCC than others. When analysis was limited to alkaline tea drinkers only, those who both consumed cereal paste with salt tea and used samovar vessel were at the highest risk (OR=4.58, 95% CIs=2.04-10.28). This study shows significant associations of salt tea drinking and some related habits with ESCC risk."
"AB BackgroundFoodborne acute gastroenteritis is a significant public health concern. Food handling plays a key role in the risk of foodborne acute gastroenteritis. However, research focused on the correlation between foodborne acute gastroenteritis and food handling in the family environment is limited. The purpose of the current study was to determinate the association between food handling behaviors in the family environment and foodborne acute gastroenteritis.MethodsA cross-sectional investigation was conducted from September 1, 2015 to August 30, 2016 in Anhui Province, China. A multistage stratified cluster sampling method was designed to select subjects. Data on foodborne acute gastroenteritis and food handling were collected via questionnaire survey.ResultsOf the 1516 subjects included in the study, 165 (10.9%) reported having experienced symptoms of foodborne acute gastroenteritis in the past 4weeks. The following behaviors were more prevalent in those that experienced acute gastroenteritis: (1) infrequently thoroughly heating milk (75.6%); (2) infrequently thoroughly heating cooked food purchased from outside (71.3%); (3) infrequently thoroughly heating leftovers stored in the refrigerator (32.5%), and (4) infrequently storing leftovers in the refrigerator (41.6%). A multivariate logistic regression analysis found that foodborne acute gastroenteritis was associated with the following behaviors: (1) often eating raw seafood (P<0.001, OR=3.250, 95% CI=2.136-4.946); (2) often storing raw meat and cooked meat in the same container (P<0.001, OR=4.291, 95% CI=2.722-6.765); (3) infrequently thoroughly heating milk (P<0.001, OR=4.665, 95% CI=2.526-8.617); (4) infrequently thoroughly heating leftovers stored in the refrigerator (P<0.001, OR=3.416, 95% CI=2.139-5.454); (5) infrequently storing leftovers in the refrigerator (P<0.05, OR=1.775, 95% CI=1.169-2.696); and (6) infrequently thoroughly cooking green beans (P<0.001, OR=2.859, 95% CI=1.798-4.545).ConclusionsPoor food handling behaviors in the family environment are associated with foodborne acute gastroenteritis. Infrequent thorough heating and improper food storage are the most critical risk factors in foodborne acute gastroenteritis."
"AB Background Land-use change is one of the main drivers of the global erosion of biodiversity. In that context, it is crucial to understand how landscape characteristics drive the presence of rare endangered species. Nevertheless, it is also important to study common species in multiple habitats, because they represent a large proportion of biodiversity and are essential to maintain ecological functions. Interestingly, some habitats, as farmlands with permanent crops (e.g. vineyards), have been overlooked in the literature. Methods In this study, we investigated the distribution of a widespread and common bird species, the Common Blackbird (Turdus merula), within and between the three main habitats of our study area (rural Western France). We specifically focused on (1) woodlands, (2) farmlands with a high vineyard coverage, and (3) moderately urbanized areas. Specifically, we aimed to assess the beneficial and detrimental effects of these habitats and their fine-scale composition on the presence of a common bird species, relying on a survey by point counts (nearly 100 locations). We studied the effects of habitats and gradients of fine-scale habitat composition on blackbird presence using logistic regression analyses. Results Blackbirds were present in all studied habitats. However, their presence varied between habitats, being lower in vineyards than in woodlands and cities. In woodlands and cities, fine-scale analyses did not reveal any component driving the species' presence. However, we found that shrub and tree vegetation cover had a significant positive effect on blackbird presence in vineyards. Conclusions Our results are in agreement with the definition of a generalist species. Interestingly, species distribution varied between habitats. The high presence of blackbirds in urban areas suggests that medium-sized cities, despite their artificialization, do not constrain the settlement of this former forest specialist and that green spaces may allow blackbirds to thrive in medium-sized cities. On the contrary, we found an impoverished presence of blackbirds in vineyards and a positive effect of vegetation on their presence in these landscapes. This suggests that permanent crops, and more generally farmlands, may impose important constraints to common species. Future studies should examine how to enhance biodiversity through agricultural management policies, especially in vineyards."
"AB Background Satellite tags have revolutionized our understanding of marine animal movements. However, tags may stop transmitting for many reasons and little research has rigorously examined tag failure. Using a long-term, large-scale, multi-species dataset, we evaluated factors influencing tracking duration of satellite tags to inform study design for future tracking studies. Methods We leveraged data on battery status transmitted with location data, recapture events, and number of transmission days to probabilistically quantify multiple potential causes of failure (i.e., battery failure, premature detachment, and tag damage/fouling). We used a combination of logistic regressions and an ordinary linear model including several predictor variables (i.e., tag type, battery life, species, sex, size, and foraging region). Results We examined subsets of data from 360 satellite tags encompassing 86,889 tracking days deployed on four species of marine turtles throughout the Gulf of Mexico, Caribbean, and Bahamas from 2008 to 2019. Only 4.1% of batteries died before failure due to other causes. We observed species-specific variation in how long tags remain attached: hawksbills retained 50% of their tags for 1649 days (95% CI 995-1800), loggerheads for 584 days (95% CI 400-690), and green turtles for 294 days (95% CI 198-450). Estimated tracking duration varied by foraging region (Caribbean: 385 days; Bahamas: 356; southern Gulf of Mexico [SGOM]: 276, northern Gulf of Mexico [NGOM]: 177). Additionally, we documented species-specific variation in estimated tracking duration among foraging regions. Based on sensor data, within the Gulf of Mexico, across species, we estimated that 50% of tags began to foul after 83 95% CI (70-120) days. Conclusions The main factor that limited tracking duration was tag damage (i.e., fouling and/or antenna breakage). Turtles that spent most of their time in the Gulf of Mexico had shorter tracking durations than those in the Bahamas and Caribbean, with shortest durations observed in the NGOM. Additionally, tracking duration varied by species, likely as a result of behaviors that damage tags. This information will help researchers, tag companies, permitting agencies, and funders better predict expected tracking durations, improving study designs for imperiled marine turtles. Our results highlight the heterogeneity in telemetry device longevity, and we provide a framework for researchers to evaluate telemetry devices with respect to their study objectives."
"AB High-quality Normalized Difference Vegetation Index (NDVI) time-series data are important for many regional and global ecological and environmental applications. Unfortunately, residual noise in current NDVI time-series products greatly hinders their further applications. Several noise-reduction methods have been proposed during the past two decades, but two important issues remain to be resolved. First, the methods usually perform poorly for cases of continuous missing data in the NDVI time series. Second, they generally assume negatively biased noise in the NDVI time series and thus erroneously raise some local low NDVI values in certain cases (e.g., the harvest period for multi-season crops).We therefore developed a new noise-reduction algorithm called the Spatial-Temporal Savitzky-Golay (STSG) method. The new method assumes discontinuous clouds in space and employs neighboring pixels to assist in the noise reduction of the target pixel in a particular year. The relationship between the NDVI of neighboring pixels and that of the target pixel was obtained from multi-year NDVI time series thanks to the accumulation of NDVI data over many years, which would have been impossible a decade ago. We tested STSG on 16-day composite MODIS NDVI time-series data from 2001 to 2016 in regions of mainland China and 11 phenology camera sites in North American. The results showed that STSG performed significantly better compared with four previous widely used methods (i.e., the Asymmetric Gaussian, Double Logistic, Fourier-based, and Savitzky-Golay filter methods). One obvious advantage was that STSG was able to address the problem of temporally continuous NDVI gaps. STSG effectively increased local low NDVI values and simultaneously avoided overcorrecting low NDVI values during the crop harvest period. In addition, implementing STSG required only raw MODIS NDVI time-series products without any additional burden of data requirements. All of these advantages make STSG a promising noise-reduction method for generating high quality NDVI time-series data."
"AB Real-time monitoring of crop phenology is critical for assisting farmers managing crop growth and yield estimation. In this study, we presented an approach to monitor in real time crop phenology using timely available daily Visible Infrared Imaging Radiometer Suite (VIIRS) observations and historical Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer (MODIS) datasets in the Midwestern United States. MODIS data at a spatial resolution of 500 m from 2003 to 2012 were used to generate the climatology of vegetation phenology. By integrating climatological phenology and timely available VIIRS observations in 2014 and 2015, a set of temporal trajectories of crop growth development at a given time for each pixel were then simulated using a logistic model. The simulated temporal trajectories were used to identify spring green leaf development and predict the occurrences of greenup onset, mid-greenup phase, and maximum greenness onset using curvature change rate. Finally, the accuracy of real-time monitoring from VIIRS observations was evaluated by comparing with summary crop progress (CP) reports of ground observations from the National Agricultural Statistics Service (NASS) of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA). The results suggest that real-time monitoring of crop phenology from VIIRS observations is a robust tool in tracing the crop progress across regional areas. In particular, the date of mid-greenup phase from VIIRS was significantly correlated to the planting dates reported in NASS CP for both corn and soybean with a consistent lag of 37 days and 27 days on average (p < 0.01), as well as the emergence dates in CP with a lag of 24 days and 16 days on average (p < 0.01), respectively. The real-time monitoring of maximum greenness onset from VIIRS was able to predict the corn silking dates with an advance of 9 days (p < 0.01) and the soybean blooming dates with a lag of 7 days on average (p < 0.01). These findings demonstrate the capability of VIIRS observations to effectively monitor temporal dynamics of crop progress in real time at a regional scale."
"AB Purpose - New services design and development are difficult to plan, execute, measure and evaluate. Particularly, new services that are capital-intensive and involve a long gestation and development time are considered extremely risky. The purpose of this paper is to discuss a list of innovative practices in various managerial aspects in designing, planning and development of a large scale infrastructure intensive public transportation service. A contemporary new public transportation service development is discussed as evidence of proven and benchmarked criteria."
"AB The main aim of the study was to estimate the target values of agrochemical use, and its impact on crop productivity, and human health. Adoptions of protective measures and their impacts on human health during pesticide application were also evaluated. To fulfil the study objectives, using a standardised questionnaire, cross-sectional data of 480 rice growers were collected from September to October, 2017 from the Hafizabad and Sheikhupura districts of Punjab, Pakistan. Various econometric methods were used for data analysis. The artificial neural network (ANN) found an indiscriminate use of agrochemicals in the study area and suggested reducing the applied quantity of Pure N and pesticides by 43.6 and 52.6%, respectively, at a given level of rice yield, while the quantity of Pure P, Pure K, and farmyard manure (FYM) need to increase by 67.6, 15, and 21%, respectively, to obtain an efficient production level. The Cobb-Douglas (CD) production function estimated a positive and significant impact of Pure P, Pure K, FYM, education, and farming experience on rice yield. Results also showed that an indiscriminate use of pesticide not only compromised rice efficiency, it impinged on field worker health. Poisson regression found that occurrence of eye irritation, dizziness, cough, and nausea were significantly related with chemical application. Logistic regression found that education, farming experience, and extension services significantly increased in the adoption of various protective measures. Furthermore, cases of primary health exposures were significantly less among those who were used protective measures during pesticide application. Results of Poison regression function also confirmed that use of protective clothing, goggles, mask, gloves and boots during pesticide spraying significantly reduced human health exposures. It is recommended to apply the quantity of nutrients and chemicals suggested by ANN method. Use of biochemicals is a more sustainable and environmentally friendly strategy. Provision of educational programs and trainings to farmers on safe use of pesticides is required to avert occupational health exposures. Furthermore, governmental actions such as restriction and/or interdiction on use of highly toxic pesticides and enforcement to adopt safety measures during pesticide application, are needed to reduce pesticide exposures. (C) 2019 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB Introduction/objectives: Preference for supplement formulation helps determine an individual's adherence to long-term medication and can improve clinical benefit for chronic illnesses such as osteoporosis. This study compared the preference, acceptability and tolerability of a reformulation of Calcichew D3(1) 500mg/400IU and Calcichew D3 500mg/800IU (Takeda UK Ltd, Wobrun Green, UK) with Adcal-D3(2) 500mg/400IU (ProStrakan Ltd, Galashiels, UK) and Kalcipos-D 500mg/800IU (Meda Pharmaceuticals Ltd, Bishop's Stortford, UK), respectively.Method: This phase IV, randomized, open-label, two-period, cross-over study was conducted at nine sites in the UK and Germany. Eligible subjects (65 years requiring calcium/vitamin D supplementation for prevention/treatment of deficiencies, or 18 years requiring supplementation as an adjunct to osteoporosis treatment) were randomly assigned to one of two 2 week treatment sequences - Group 1: Calcichew D3 500/400 then Adcal-D3 500/400 (or vice versa), or Group 2: Calcichew D3 500/800 then Kalcipos-D 500/800 (or vice versa). After each treatment period, patients rated the treatment for acceptability using 100mm visual analogue scales. After the second treatment period, patients indicated their treatment preference. The primary endpoint, the percentage of patients with a preference for each treatment, was analyzed with a logistic regression model.Results: Two hundred and seventy-six patients were randomly assigned by treatment sequence, 138 to each group. Preference questionnaires among patients who preferred Calcichew or comparator revealed the odds for patients preferring Calcichew 500/400 (77.6%) over Adcal-D3 was 3.46 ([95% CI 2.24, 5.36], p<0.001) in Group 1, and Calcichew D3 500/800 (63.2%) over Kalcipos-D was 1.72 ([1.19, 2.47], p=0.004) in Group 2. Adverse events were mostly gastrointestinal and were comparable between groups. The new formulation of Calcichew D3 is acceptable and consistent with its known tolerability profile.Conclusions: In this short-term 30day study, patients preferred Calcichew D3 500/400 and Calcichew D3 500/800 over respective comparators. A trend towards better compliance with Calcichew D3 preference observed in Group 1 warrants a longer term study to identify treatment compliance.Trial registration: Clinicaltrials.gov: NCT02457247."
AB Purpose: To compare surgical outcomes between the inverted internal limiting membrane (ILM) flap technique and ILM peeling for macular hole retinal detachment (MHRD) in eyes with high myopia.
"AB Background: Diabetes mellitus is a major challenge faced by health systems around the world, especially in low- and middle-income countries where, besides chronic non-communicable diseases, there is an overlap of infectious diseases."
AB Background and Purpose-The interplay between sex and the dominant risk factors for stroke occurrence in sub-Saharan Africa has not been clearly delineated. We compared the effect sizes of risk factors of stroke by sex among West Africans.
"AB Malaria in South Africa is still a problem despite existing efforts to eradicate the disease. In the Vhembe District Municipality, malaria prevalence is still high, with a mean incidence rate of 328.2 per 100,0000 persons/year. This study aimed at evaluating environmental covariates, such as vegetation moisture and vegetation greenness, associated with malaria vector distribution for better predictability towards rapid and efficient disease management and control. The 2005 malaria incidence data combined with Landsat 5 ETM were used in this study. A total of nine remotely sensed covariates were derived, while pseudo-absences in the ratio of 1: 2 (presence/absence) were generated at buffer distances of 0.5-20 km from known presence locations. A stepwise logistic regression model was applied to analyse the spatial distribution of malaria in the area. A buffer distance of 10 km yielded the highest classification accuracy of 82% at a threshold of 0.9. This model was significant (q < 0.05) and yielded a deviance (D 2) of 36%. The significantly positive relationship (q < 0.05) between the soil-adjusted vegetation index and malaria distribution at all buffer distances suggests that malaria vector (Anopheles arabiensis) prefer productive and greener vegetation. The significant negative relationship between water/moisture index (a1 index) and malaria distribution in buffer distances of 0.5, 10, and 20 km suggest that malaria distribution increases with a decrease in shortwave reflectance signal. The study has shown that suitable habitats of malaria vectors are generally found within a radius of 10 km in semi-arid environments, and this insight can be useful to aid efforts aimed at putting in place evidence-based preventative measures against malaria infections. Furthermore, this result is important in understanding malaria dynamics under the current climate and environmental changes. The study has also demonstrated the use of Landsat data and the ability to extract environmental conditions which favour the distribution of malaria vector (An. arabiensis) such as the canopy moisture content in vegetation, which serves as a surrogate for rainfall."
"AB Readmission following discharge from an initial hospitalization is a key marker of quality of healthcare in the United States. For the most part, readmission has been studied among patients with ""acute"" health conditions, such as pneumonia and heart failure, with analyses based on a logistic-Normal generalized linear mixed model. Naive application of this model to the study of readmission among patients with ""advanced"" health conditions such as pancreatic cancer, however, is problematic because it ignores death as a competing risk. A more appropriate analysis is to imbed such a study within the semicompeting risks framework. To our knowledge, however, no comprehensive statistical methods have been developed for cluster-correlated semicompeting risks data. To resolve this gap in the literature we propose a novel hierarchical modeling framework for the analysis of cluster-correlated semicompeting risks data that permits parametric or non parametric specifications for a range of components giving analysts substantial flexibility as they consider their own analyses. Estimation and inference is performed within the Bayesian paradigm since it facilitates the straightforward characterization of (posterior) uncertainty for all model parameters, including hospital specific random effects. Model comparison and choice is performed via the deviance information criterion and the log-pseudo marginal likelihood statistic, both of which are based on a partially marginalized likelihood. An efficient computational scheme, based on the Metropolis-Hastings-Green algorithm, is developed and had been implemented in the R package SemiCompRisks. A comprehensive simulation study shows that the proposed framework performs very well in a range of data scenarios, and outperforms competitor analysis strategies. The proposed framework is motivated by and illustrated with an ongoing study of the risk of readmission among Medicare beneficiaries diagnosed with pancreatic cancer. Using data on n = 5298 patients at J=112 hospitals in the six New England states between 2000-2009, key scientific questions we consider include the role of patient-level risk factors on the risk of readmission and the extent of variation in risk across hospitals not explained by differences in patient case-mix. Supplementary materials for this article are available online."
"AB Indicators of landscape condition should be sensitive and specific to environmental change and provide early warning detection of ncipient changes. We assessed a suite of five spectral metrics derived from Landsat 5 TM imagery spanning a decade (1996-2007) to quantify ecosystem condition in the ridge-slough mosaic of the Everglades (South Florida, USA). These included the normalized difference vegetation index (NDVI), the same index using green instead of red band as the visible reference (NDVIg), the normalized difference water index (NDWI), the simple ratio of NIR and red bands (SR) and the moisture stress index (MSI). Mean and variance from pure ridge or slough pixels (i.e., those >30 m from a mapped patch edge) were quantified for twentyfour 2 x 5 km blocks across a gradient of hydrologic and ecological condition. Metrics were compared with field measures of landscape condition from block-scale soil elevation surveys, which capture dramatic spatial gradients between conserved and degraded locations. Elevationbased measures of landscape condition, validated as diagnostic in previous work, included soil elevation bi-modality (BISE), a binary measure of ecosystem condition, and the soil elevation standard deviation (SDSE), a continuous measure of condition. Spectral metric performance was assessed based on the strength (sensitivity) and shape (leading vs.lagging) of the relationship with elevation-based measures. We observed significant logistic regression slopes with BISE for only 3 metrics (mean ridge NDVI and NDVIg, mean ridge SR). In prediction of variance SDSE, the standard deviation of our VIs was more informative than the mean, and measures from sloughs more informative than ridges. The strongest predictions are variance in slough NDVIg and SR, suggesting that spatial heterogeneity in slough biomass is most informative for predicting the status of soil elevation variance. None of the vegetation metrics were leading indicators of change; a multivariate model using three VIs selected based on consistent performance across years (variance in Slough SR, slough NDVIg, and ridge NDWI) substantially improve predictions of SDSE and yielded more plausible prediction maps. These findings suggest that soil elevation changes from altered peat accretion dynamics precede visible changes in vegetation reflectance. While this constrains predictions of incipient ecosystem change, the reasonable performance of spectral metrics indicates that efficient monitoring of ridge-slough landscape health is possible as part of the ongoing Everglades restoration effort."
"AB Background Obesity and chronic diseases could be prevented through improved diet. Most governments require at least one type of food labeling system on packaged foods to communicate nutrition information and promote healthy eating. This study evaluated adult consumer understanding and use of nutrition labeling systems in the US and Mexico, the most obese countries in the world. Methods Adults from online consumer panels in the US (Whites n = 2959; Latinos n = 667) and in Mexico (n = 3533) were shown five food labeling systems: 1. Nutrition Facts Table (NFT) that shows nutrients of concern per serving; 2. Guideline Daily Amounts (GDA) that shows levels of nutrients of concern; 3. Multiple Traffic-Light (MTL) that color codes each GDA nutrient (green = healthy; yellow = moderately unhealthy; red = unhealthy); 4. Health Star Rating System (HSR) that rates foods on a single dimension of healthiness; 5. Warning Label (WL) with a stop sign for nutrients present in unhealthy levels. Participants rated each label on understanding (""easy""/""very easy to understand"" vs ""difficult""/""very difficult to understand""), and, for NFTs and GDAs, frequency of use (""sometimes""/""often"" vs ""never""). Mixed logistic models regressed understanding and frequency of use on indicators of labeling systems (NFT = ref), testing for interactions by ethnicity (US Latinos, US Whites, Mexicans), while controlling for sociodemographic and obesity-related factors. Results Compared to the NFT, participants reported greater understanding of the WL (OR = 4.8; 95% CI = 4.4-5.3) and lower understanding of the HSR (OR = 0.34, 95% CI = 0.31-0.37) and the MTL (OR = 0.56, 95% CI = 0.52-0.61), with similar patterns across ethnic subgroups. Participants used GDAs less often than NFTs (OR = 0.48; 95%CI = 0.41-0.55), with the greatest difference among US Whites (OR = 0.10; 95%CI = 0.07-0.14). Conclusions Understanding and use of the GDA was similar to that of the NFT. Whites, Latinos, and Mexicans consistently reported the best understanding for WLs, a FOPL that highlights unhealthfulness of a product. Therefore, a FOPL summary indicator, such as WLs, may be more effective in both the US and Mexico for guiding consumers towards informed food choices."
AB OBJECTIVE: To explore the diagnostic value of combined detection of plasma miR-127-3p and HE4 for breast cancer (BC).
"AB Previous studies have evaluated the effects of air pollution on various causes of death. However, there are few studies directly differentiating the regional effects of air pollution on specific causes of death from cardiovascular and respiratory mortality. It is important to target specific diseases and air pollutants for environmental management, in order to develop a sustainable environment. Therefore, a territory-wide register-based study was developed with cause-specific mortality data in Hong Kong between 2007 and 2014 (n = 257,090). Five groups of decedents were directly compared with the two control groups (cardiovascular and respiratory deaths), separately, based on binomial logistic regressions. Three air pollutants (NO2, PM2.5, black carbon (BC)) were selected to evaluate how spatial distribution of long-term air pollution exposure can induce the difference in mortality risks from two control groups. Based on the results, different air pollutants can contribute to different impact on mortality risk. PM2.5 and BC contributed to higher effects on mortality associated with mental and behavioral disorders than those linked to cardiovascular and respiratory diseases. BC can contribute to a higher mortality risk for mortality associated with diseases of the nervous and digestive systems than with respiratory diseases. There was also a stronger influence of neighborhood PM2.5 on mortality associated with diseases of the genitourinary system than with cardiovascular and respiratory diseases, and a stronger impact of neighborhood NO2 and BC on cancer-related mortality than on respiratory mortality. In conclusion, several air pollutants have greater impact on cause-specific mortality than cardiovascular and respiratory mortality. Therefore, it is necessary to have a comprehensive and systematic investigation to evaluate how different types of air pollutants influence various types of cause-specific mortality. In addition, specific health protocols, enhancement of urban design and improvement of environmental hygiene should be conducted for specific types of air pollution and deprived populations, rather than targeting solely the people with cardiorespiratory diseases."
"AB Foodborne botulism is a severe, paralytic illness caused by ingestion of preformed neurotoxins produced by Clostridium botulinum. In 2003, we conducted a population-based household survey of home canning practices to explore marked regional variations in botulism incidence in the Republic of Georgia (ROG). We designed a cluster sampling scheme and subdivided each of the 10 regions of the ROG into a variable number of strata. Households were selected from each stratum using a two-step cluster sampling methodology. We administered a questionnaire about home canning practices to household members responsible for food preparation. Using multivariate logistic regression analysis, we modeled high (eastern ROG) against low (western ROG) incidence areas. Overall, we surveyed 2,742 households nationwide. Home canning with a capping device hermetically sealing the lid covering the jar was practiced by 1,909 households (65.9%; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 59.8 to 72.1%). Canning was more prevalent in regions of low botulism incidence (34 versus 32%; P < 0.01). When compared with low-botulism areas, the following practices were associated with an increased risk in high-botulism areas: >= 6 months between canning vegetables and consuming them (adjusted odds ratio [aOR] = 2.1; 95% CI: 1.3 to 3.5) and adding any of the following ingredients to the jar at time of preparation: >1 tablespoon of salt per liter (aOR = 5.1; 95% CI: 1.2 to 22.6); vinegar (aOR = 2.2; 95% CI: 1.3 to 3.7), and greens (aOR = 5.6; 95% CI: 1.7 to 18.2). The following practices were associated with a decreased risk in high-botulism areas: >57 jars canned per household annually (aOR = 0.5; 95% CI: 0.3 to 0.9), covering or immersing vegetables in boiling water before placing them into the jar (aOR = 0.3 95% CI: 0.2 to 0.6), covering or immersing vegetables in boiling water after placing them into the jar (aOR = 0.4; 95% CI: 0.2 to 0.9), or adding garlic (aOR = 0.2; 95% CI: 0.1 to 0.5) or aspirin (aOR = 0.1; 95% CI: 0.1 to 0.2) to the jar at the time of preparation."
"AB The unprecedented application of pesticides in Punjab, India during green revolution has lead to an environmental crisis due to the accumulation of persistent organic and pesticide pollutants in the environment and biota of this region. The present study aimed at estimating the abundance of pesticide contaminants in three biological matrices of 36 dogs suffering from malignant canine mammary tumor (mCMT) and 6 tumor free control dogs from Punjab, India. Presence of individual and total pesticides in canine biological samples, age and bodyweight of canine patients was assessed as a potential risk factor for mCMT using logistic regression analysis. Chi-square test was employed to determine tissue-specific accumulations of individual pesticides. Spearman's correlation coefficient was estimated to determine the association between the levels of total pesticides in different tissue matrices and with age and bodyweight of mCMT cases. Gas chromatography-ECD analysis of serum, mammary tissue and adjoining mammary adipose tissue revealed fourteen different pesticides including. gamma-HCH, alpha-HCH, dieldrin, aldrin, heptachlor, butachlor, p,p-DDT, o,p-DDT, p,p-DDD, p,p-DDE, L-cyhalothrin, permethrin, fipronil, and fenitrothion. Heptachlor, gamma-HCH, aldrin and p,p-DDT were more frequently detected, whereas, p,p-DDE and o,p-DDT were the least common. Differential accumulation of pesticides in tissue matrices, particularly between serum and mammary tissue/adipose tissue was observed. We could not find any association between the total pesticide concentrations among serum, mammary tissue and mammary adipose tissue in mCMT cases. We found that the odds for individual pesticide for serum, mammary tissue and adipose tissue were associated with high uncertainties; however, the total pesticide concentration in mammary tissue was near non-significantly associated with higher risk of mCMT with low uncertainty. Statistically non-significant higher odds of CMT occurrence with increase in age was noticed No association between the concentration of total pesticides in different matrices and age and bodyweight of canine subjects was found."
"AB This study was carried out to investigate the risks of simultaneous exposure to pesticide residues and bacteria contaminants in locally produced fresh vegetables and vegetables in Tanzania. A total of 613 samples were analyzed for pesticide residues, out of which 250 were also analyzed for bacterial contamination. Overall, 47.5% had pesticide residues, 74.2% exceeded Maximum Residue Levels (MRLs). Organophosphorus (95.2%), organochlorines (24.0%), pyrethroids (17.3%), and carbamates (9.2%) residues dominated. MRL values were mostly exceeded in tomatoes, onions, watermelons, cucumbers, Chinese cabbage, and sweet paper. Tetramethrin (0.0329-1.3733 mg/kg), pirimiphos-methyl (0.0003-1.4093 mg/kg), permethrin (0.0009-2.4537 mg/kg), endosulfan (beta) (0.0008-2.3416 mg/kg), carbaryl (0.0215-1.5068 mg/kg), profenofos (0.0176-2.1377 mg/kg), chlorpyrifos (0.0004-1.2549 mg/kg) and dieldrin (0.0011-0.5271 mg/kg) exceeded MRLs. The prevalence of bacteria contamination was high (63.2%). Enterobacter (55.6%) Pseudomonas aeruginosa (32.4%), E. coli (28.2%), Citrobacter (26.8%), Klebsiella oxytoca (14.8%), and Salmonella (7.7%) were isolated. Furthermore, 46.4% tested positive for both pesticide residues and bacterial contaminants. Vegetables from farms (60.7%) contained more dual contaminants than market-based vegetables (41.8%). This may have resulted from excessive pesticide use and unhygienic handling of fresh fruits and vegetables at production level. Binary logistic regression showed that fresh fruits and vegetables with pesticide residues were 2.231 times more likely to have bacteria contaminants (OR: 2.231; 95% CI: 0.501, 8.802). The contamination levels of pesticide residues and bacterial contaminants could be perceived as a serious problem as most fresh fruits and vegetables recorded values of pesticide residues far above the MRLs with pathogenic bacteria isolated in higher proportions. MRLs was higher in most vegetables consumed raw or semi-cooked such as watermelons, carrots, cucumber, tomatoes, onion and sweet paper. There is an urgent need to develop pesticide monitoring and surveillance systems at farmer level, educating farmers and promoting the use of greener pesticides to mitigate the health effects of pesticides and bacterial contaminants."
"AB Background: Globally, India ranks first in the absolute number of stillbirths. Hence, the level, causes, and risk factors of stillbirths were estimated to facilitate designing of prevention strategy."
"AB Purpose: To evaluate the incidence, outcomes, and risk factors for hemorrhagic complications in eyes with polypoidal choroidal vasculopathy (PCV) following photodynamic therapy (PDT). Methods: Medical records of 94 eyes of 86 consecutive patients with PCV who underwent PDT between January 2007 and December 2014 were retrospectively reviewed. The diagnosis of PCV was based on clinical features and indocyanine green angiography. Eyes were treated with PDT monotherapy or a combination of PDT plus anti-vascular endothelial growth factor. PDT was performed at (standard [SFPDT] or reduced fluence RFPDT). Results: Ninety-four eyes had 119 PDT treatment sessions (mean: 1.3 sessions). Mean presenting vision was 0.46 +/- 0.44 logarithm of the minimum angle of resolution (logMAR). Following PDT, ten eyes (11%) of nine patients had hemorrhagic complications such as subretinal hemorrhage (SRH; n = 5), subretinal pigment epithelium (RPE) hemorrhage (n = 1), breakthrough vitreous hemorrhage (BVH; n = 3), and SRH with sub-RPE hemorrhage and BVH (n = 1). Median interval to hemorrhage following PDT was 2 months. Age (P = 0.842), duration of symptoms (P = 0.352), number of laser spots (P = 0.219), and laser spot size (LSS) (P = 0.096) were not significantly associated with increased risk of hemorrhagic complications. Female gender was associated with reduced risk of hemorrhage (P = 0.045). SFPDT was significantly associated with increased risk of hemorrhage (P = 0.026). The probability of developing hemorrhagic complications in SFPDT group was 0.24 compared to 0.07 in RFPDT group (P = 0.039). Multivariate logistic regression analysis showed SFPDT as the only significant risk factor for hemorrhage following PDT (odds ratio 5.3, 95% confidence interval 1.1-24.8, P = 0.03). Mean final vision was 0.61 +/- 0.53 logMAR at mean follow-up of 33 months (median = 22 months; range = 2-157 months). Conclusion: Age, LSS, number of laser spots, preexisting hemorrhages, or use of anticoagulants were not associated with increased risk of hemorrhagic complications. SFPDT was significantly associated with increased risk of hemorrhagic complications in such eyes."
"AB Purpose. The purpose of this article is to identify and and systematize organizational and economic risks that may arise during the ecologization of production processes in the agricultural sector, as well as to summarize the main stages of 'risk management' of agricultural greening and justify the the necessary tools to reduce their likelihood."
"AB Upcoming 5th-generation (5G) systems incorporate physical objects (referred to as things), which sense the presence of components such as gears, gadgets, and sensors. They may transmit many kinds of states in the smart city context, such as new deals at malls, safe distances on roads, patient heart rhythms (especially in hospitals), and logistic control at aerodromes and seaports around the world. These serve to form the so-called future internet of things (IoT). From this futuristic perspective, everything should have its own identity. In this context, radio frequency identification (RFID) plays a specific role, which provides wireless communications in a secure manner. Passive RFID tags carry out work using the energy harvested among massive systems. RFID has been habitually realized as a prerequisite for IoT, the combination of which is called IoT RFID (I-RFID). For the current scenario, such tags should be productive, low-profile, compact, easily mountable, and have eco-friendly features. The presently available tags are not cost-effective and have not been proven as green tags for environmentally friendly IoT in 5G systems nor are they suitable for long-range communications in 5G systems. The proposed I-RFID tag uses the meandering angle technique (MAT) to construct a design that satisfies the features of a lower-cost printed antenna over the worldwide UHF RFID band standard (860-960 MHz). In our research, tag MAT antennas are fabricated on paper-based Korsnas by screen- and flexo-printing, which have lowest simulated effective outcomes with dielectric variation due to humidity and have a plausible read range (RR) for European (EU; 866-868 MHz) and North American (NA; 902-928 MHz) UHF band standards. The I-RFID tag size is reduced by 36% to 38% w.r.t. a previously published case, the tag gain has been improved by 23.6% to 33.12%, and its read range has been enhanced by 50.9% and 59.6% for EU and NA UHF bands, respectively. It provides impressive performance on some platforms (e.g., plastic, paper, and glass), thereby providing a new state-of-the-art I-RFID tag with better qualities in 5G systems."
"AB Background Dietary acid load has been suggested to mediate the progression of chronic kidney disease (CKD). However, it is unclear what kinds of foods are actually associated with dietary acid load in patients with CKD. The self-administered diet history questionnaire (DHQ), which semi-quantitatively assesses the dietary habits of Japanese individuals through 150 question items, can estimate average daily intake of various foods and nutrients during the previous month. Using the DHQ, we investigated the association of dietary acid load with CKD progression. We also analyzed the kinds of food that significantly affect dietary acid load. Methods Subjects were 96 outpatients with CKD (average estimated glomerular filtration rate [eGFR], 53.0 +/- 18.1 ml/min/1.73 m(2)) at Niigata University Hospital, who had completed the DHQ in 2011. We calculated net endogenous acid production (NEAP) from potassium and protein intake evaluated by the DHQ in order to assess dietary acid load. CKD progression was assessed by comparing eGFR between 2008 and 2014. Results NEAP was not correlated with protein intake (r = 0.088, p = 0.398), but was negatively correlated with potassium intake (r = - 0.748, p < 0.001). Reduction in eGFR from 2008 to 2014 was estimated to be significantly greater in patients with higher NEAP (NEAP > 50.1 mEq/day, n = 45) than in those with lower NEAP (NEAP <= 50.1 mEq/day, n = 50) by 5.9 (95% confidence interval [95%CI], 0.1 to 11.6) ml/min/1.73 m(2). According to multiple logistic regression analysis, higher NEAP was significantly associated with lower intake of fruits (odds ratio [OR], 6.454; 95%CI, 2.19 to 19.00), green and yellow vegetables (OR, 5.18; 95%CI, 1.83 to14.66), and other vegetables (OR, 3.87; 95%CI, 1.29 to 11.62). Conclusions Elevated NEAP could be a risk factor for CKD progression. Low intake of fruits and vegetables would increase dietary acid load and might affect the progression of renal dysfunction in Japanese CKD patients."
"AB Epidemiological studies support diet as a factor in the prevention and treatment of non-communicable chronic diseases, whose occurrence increases with age due to the poor choices or the adoption of a monotonous diet. The aim of this study was to construct the food consumption profiles of older adults of a Brazilian city to identify the main food groups and eating habits that contribute to these profiles and to estimate its association with socioeconomic characteristics, health and use of health services, lifestyle, and anthropometric indicators. This is a population-based cross-sectional study conducted with a representative sample of 621 community-dwelling older adults (>= 60 years) in Vicosa, Minas Gerais, Brazil. The food consumption profile was the dependent variable obtained from a Food Frequency Questionnaire, utilizing the two-step cluster method. The multiple multinomial logistic regression model was used to estimate the independent associations, obtaining the odds ratios and 95% confidence intervals. Three clusters were generated, namely, (1) ""unhealthy"" (2) ""less unhealthy,"" and (3) ""fairly healthy."" The cluster ""unhealthy"" was characterized by a regular consumption of beans, fats, fatty/processed meats, and whole milk. The factors independently associated with this cluster were lower education level, lower individual income, history of at least one doctor's appointment in the year preceding this study, and being a former smoker. The cluster ""less unhealthy"" was characterized by a regular consumption of beans, green vegetables, vegetables and fruits, as well as fats, fatty/processed meats, and whole milk. The factors independently associated with the ""less unhealthy"" cluster were lower education level and history of at least six doctor's appointments in the prior year. The cluster ""fairly healthy"" was characterized by the same pattern of ""less unhealthy,"" except for skim milk and low-fat dairy products. The evidence of the associations indicates the profile of older adults who require greater attention and care related to improved nutrition. The illiterate or semi-literate aged individuals, those with low income, and those who neglect to seek medical advice must be the focus of healthy eating actions and programs."
AB Background
AB BACKGROUND
"AB In recent years, remote sensing of phenology has become a useful tool to reveal the response and feedback of vegetation dynamics to global climate change due to its multitemporal phase, wide-coverage, continuous space coverage, and long-time series. Based on the Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer data product MOD09A1, enhanced vegetation index (EVI) was calculated, and the time series EVI of the growing season in the Qinghai-Tibet Plateau (QTP) from 2001 to 2016 was reconstructed in light of the double logistic function filter. A dynamic threshold method was used to extract the starting date of the growing season (SOG) of vegetation. The characteristics of temporal-spatial variation of SOG of vegetation in QTP were analyzed, and the irregularity of the vegetation SOG in response to climate change was explored. The results show that: (1) the vegetation SOG in QTP varied between day of year (DOY) 110 and DOY 170 between 2001 and 2016. Affected by the spatial difference of hydrothermal conditions, the vegetation SOG is gradually delayed from the southeast to the northwest in the plateau, the latest of which in the southwest of Tibet. The SOG of vegetation in the east of QTP is in advance while it is delayed in the west. (2) the SOG of vegetation has the characteristics of vertical differentiation as well, especially in the range of 3600 to 5000 m, and the delaying rate of the SOG with increasing elevation is 10.7 day/km. (3) The time lag analysis between climatic factors and the vegetation SOG in QTP indicates that the SOG has a time lag of 0 to 15 days behind the air temperature and 15 to 30 days behind precipitation. The SOG of vegetation in southern Tibet and southern Qinghai is more sensitive to air temperature changes than precipitation, whereas the vegetation SOG in southwestern Tibet and southwestern Qinghai is more sensitive to precipitation changes than air temperature changes. (C) 2019 Society of Photo-Optical Instrumentation Engineers (SPIE)"
"AB AimTo develop experimental multi-domain interventions for older people with mild-to-moderate dementia, and to evaluate the effect of delaying cognitive and physical decline, and improvement or prevention of geriatric syndromes during 1-year follow up."
"AB Purpose - This is an exploratory study on consumer information and behaviour towards green, health, local, social and environmental credentials on labels. It focusses on many dimensions of sustainability in the food products that affect consumer choices with a dual purpose: to identify and define ""sustainable consumption"" behaviour in broad sense and to investigate empirically the factors affecting the real consumption behaviours. The purpose of this paper is to shed light on consumers' understanding, motivation and use of sustainable labelling in order to understand the role sustainability information plays in the food products market."
"AB Background: A sizable cross-sectional studies demonstrated a low dietary diversity in Southern Ethiopia. However, its seasonal trend has not been well studied in areas where nutrient-poor enset (false banana (Ensete ventricosum)) foods are major staple. Moreover, there is scarcity of information on seasonal nature of anthropometric status of mother-child pairs (MCP) from the same areas in Southern Ethiopia. Therefore, the present study aimed to investigate the dietary diversity and anthropometric status of MCP in postharvest dry and lean wet seasons and identify factors associated with anthropometric status. Methods: The dietary intake and anthropometric data were collected from 578 households (578 mothers and 578 children) January-June 2017. The study compared data of the two seasons using McNemar's test for dichotomous, Wilcoxon signed-rank test for non-normally distributed, and paired samples t-test for normally distributed continuous data. Logistic regression was conducted to identify risk factors for malnutrition. In addition, Spearman's Rho test was used to determine correlations between maternal and child variables. Results: Over 94% of the mothers did not fulfil the minimum diet diversity score in both seasons. The meal frequency and pulses/legumes intake significantly declined in lean wet season; however, dark green leaves consumption increased. Meat, poultry, and fish consumption dropped to almost zero in the lean wet season. The dietary diversity and anthropometric status of the MCP were correlated. Weight-for-age (WAZ) and weight-for-height (WHZ) of children significantly declined in the lean wet season. In the same way, maternal mid upper arm circumference (MUAC), body weight, and body mass index (BMI) dropped (p < 0.001) in this season. Being pregnant and a lactating mother, poverty, and the ability to make decisions independently predicted maternal undernutrition (low MUAC). On the other hand, maternal undernutrition and education were associated with child underweight. Conclusions: The results demonstrated that the dietary diversity of MCP is low in both postharvest dry and lean wet seasons. This suggests the need for continuous nutrition intervention to improve the dietary diversity. In addition, the anthropometric status of MCP declines in lean wet season. This may provide some clue for policy targeting on improving nutritional status of mothers and children in rural Southern Ethiopia."
"AB The selection of the location of a biomass plant is a critical concern because biomass feedstocks are geographically and spatially dispersed. Geographic Information System-Multi-Criteria Decision Analysis (GIS-MCDA) techniques are powerful methods that have been applied to various disciplines using suitable criteria. These methods can be used to solve power planning problems, such as determining the optimal locations of biomass plants in the context of renewable energy. In response to the promotion of renewable energy in European strategy, Extremadura (Spain) is boosting energy generation from biomass as an alternative to traditional generation to protect the environment. This study presents a combined application of GIS-MCDA and the Fuzzy-DEcision-MAking Trial and Evaluation Laboratory (F-DEMATEL) technique to identify suitable and favorable sites for biomass facilities in terms of long-term sustainability. The main criteria established in this approach are outlined, evaluated, weighted and allocated to three criteria groups: environmental, geophysical and socio-economic groups. In the F-DEMATEL participatory method, constraints and their weight coefficients, with regard to their influence, are calculated. The most suitable locations are obtained after applying the Weighted Linear Combination (WLC) method. In the final stage of the decision-making problem, a sensitivity analysis of the criteria set is conducted, and the weights are determined for four implementation strategies. The model is applied in a case study of Extremadura where forest and agriculture are the typical land uses. The results of the F-DEMATEL/GIS-MCDA analysis suggest that the optimal sites for the locations of biomass plants are situated near forests and in zones with low transport costs, which comprise only 9.247% (Sh) of the total study area. Currently, five plants are installed in this area; however, they are not located in the most suitable areas (Sh). The most influential criteria of the model are the vegetation cover, agricultural area, transport cost and potential demand criteria. This methodology can be used in other studies to verify suitable locations for biomass plants in areas with similar geographical and spatial characteristics and available spatial data. Additionally, the proposed method of renewable energy policy planning can be applied to decision-making problems in the private sector and at various government levels. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB The faba bean is one of the most important sources of plant protein for humans and animals. The relationships among crop growth dynamics, carbohydrate metabolism, and the plant yield of faba bean are not fully recognized. This study assessed the effect of elemental sulfur (S) application (0, 25, and 50 kg S ha(-1)) on the seed yield (SY), yield components, and growth dynamics parameters. Field experiments were carried out in soils with variable potassium (K) availability and fertilization as follows: i) low content and without K application (-K), and ii) high content and with additional K application at the rate of 133 kg K ha(-1) (+K). Vicia faba L. var. mayor was the botanical strain of faba bean used in the experiments. During the growing season, plant samples were taken every 7-8 days, beginning at the two-leaves-unfolded stage. The sampling was completed when the seeds reached the stage of milk maturity (green seeds). A three-parameter logistic function was applied to assess the dynamics of dry matter accumulation. The function provided growth parameters (e.g., critical time points, the crop growth rate = CGR) that were used to explain the effect of soil available K and S application rates on SY. It was shown that the plant response to K treatment depended on the weather conditions during the vegetation season, whereas the plant response to S depended on the K fertilization system. Overall, the faba bean grown in the +K treatment plot accumulated more dry matter and was characterized by a higher CGR compared with the plot without K application (-K). In the -K treatment plot, application of S contributed to an improvement in plant growth parameters (e.g., CGR) which, in turn, increased the SY. The optimum S rate for this treatment was 25 kg S ha(-1). In the +K treatment plot, the effect of S application on the growth parameters was similar. Despite this finding, S application led to a reduction of SY in comparison with a treatment without S. Among the studied growth parameters, total dry matter accumulation at the beginning of the intensive growth stage turned out to be the factor that considerably differentiated the treatments with respect to SY. This result confirms that faba beans should be provided with nutrients in the most effective way, i.e., at the immediate beginning of the vegetation period."
"AB Seasonal phenology of vegetation plays an important role in global carbon cycle and ecosystem productivity. In urban environments, vegetation phenology is also important because of its influence on public health (e.g., allergies), and energy demand (e.g. cooling effects). In this study, we studied the potential use of remotely sensed observations (i.e. Landsat data) to derive some phenology indicators for vegetation embedded within the urban core domains in four distinctly different U.S. regions (Washington, D.C., King County in Washington, Polk County in Iowa, and Baltimore City and County in Maryland) during the past three decades. We used all available Landsat observations (circa 3000 scenes) from 1982 to 2015 and a self-adjusting double logistic model to detect and quantify the annual change of vegetation phenophases, i.e. indicators of seasonal changes in vegetation. The proposed model can capture and quantify not only phenophases of dense vegetation in rural areas, but also those of mixed vegetation in urban core domains. The derived phenology indicators show a good agreement with similar indicators derived from the Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer (MODIS) and in situ observations, suggesting that the phenology dynamic depicted by the proposed model is reliable. The vegetation phenology and its seasonal and interannual dynamics demonstrate a distinct spatial pattern in urban domains with an earlier (9-14 days) start-of-season (SOS) and a later (13-20 days) end-of-season (EOS), resulting in an extended (5-30 days) growing season length (GSL) when compared to the surrounding suburban and rural areas in the four study regions. There is a general long-term trend of decreasing SOS (-0.30 day per year), and increasing EOS and GSL (0.50 and 0.90 day per year, respectively) over past three decades for these study regions. The magnitude of these trends varies among the four urban systems due to their diverse local climate conditions, vegetation types, and different urban-rural settings. The Landsat derived phenology information for urban domains provides more details when compared to the coarse-resolution datasets such as MODIS, thus improves our understanding of human-natural systems interactions (or feedbacks) in urban domains. Such information is very valuable for urban planning in light of rapid urbanization and expansion of major metropolitans at the national and global levels. (C) 2017 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB Purpose-Sustainable development comprises three bottom line concepts, i.e. protect environment, improve economic performance, and social performance. Business organization with only profitability as the primary objective may lead to a highly competitive market which mainly focuses on financial performance and pay less attention to environmental and social performance. Companies that adopt the product recovery activities also select economic performance as the prime priority of their business objectives. The purpose of this paper is to give a brief idea about a different kind of business model other than conventional business models. Here, the authors aim to represent collaboration among firms, companies, and players within a closed-loop supply chain (CLSC) to build a leading business model that establishes three basic concepts of sustainability."
AB Author summary
"AB Objective: Dietary pattern analysis has emerged as a balanced and realistic approach that reflects how the food is consumed in real life. However, previous studies have overlooked the two important phases in women's life, pregnancy, and lactation. We aimed to explore dietary patterns and their determinants among pregnant and lactating women from marginalized families in rural areas and urban slums of India."
"AB Introduction: Pesticide residues in tea may contribute to exposure during pregnancy; however, the impact on maternal and infant health is not well understood. The aim of this study was to determine whether tea intake in the first trimester was associated with elevated concentrations of various pesticides in maternal blood or urine. Further, we examined the relationship between tea consumption and adverse birth outcomes."
"AB Background The burden of stroke in Africa is high. Understanding how age associates with major modifiable stroke risk factors could inform tailored demographic stroke prevention strategies. Purpose To quantify the magnitude and direction of the effect sizes of key modifiable stroke risk factors according to three age groups: <50 years (young), 50-65 years (middle age) and > 65 years (elderly) in West Africa. Methods This was a case-control study involving 15 sites in Ghana and Nigeria. Cases included adults aged >= 18 years with CT/MRI scan-typed stroke. Controls were age-and gender-matched stroke-free adults. Detailed evaluations for vascular, lifestyle and psychosocial factors were performed. We estimated adjusted odds ratios (aOR) using conditional logistic regression and population attributable risk (PAR) with 95% Confidence Interval of vascular risk factors by age groups. Results Among 3553 stroke cases, 813 (22.9%) were young, 1441 (40.6%) were middle-aged and 1299 (36.6%) were elderly. Among the 5 co-shared risk factors, dyslipidemia with PAR and aOR (95%CI) of 62.20% (52.82-71.58) and 4.13 (2.64-6.46) was highest among the young age group; hypertension with PAR of 94.31% (91.82-96.80) and aOR of 28.93 (15.10-55.44) was highest among the middle-age group. Diabetes with PAR of 32.29% (27.52-37.05) and aOR of 3.49 (2.56-4.75); meat consumption with PAR of 42.34%(32.33-52.35) and aOR of 2.40 (1.76, 3.26); and non-consumption of green vegetables, PAR of 16.81%(12.02-21.60) and aOR of 2.23 (1.60-3.12) were highest among the elderly age group. However confidence intervals of risk estimates overlapped across age groups. Additionally, among the young age group cigarette smoking, psychosocial stress and cardiac disease were independently associated with stroke. Furthermore, education, stress, physical inactivity and salt intake were associated with stroke in the middle-age group while cardiac disease was associated with stroke in the elderly age group. Conclusion There is a differential influence of age on the associations of major risk factors with stroke in this West African cohort. Targeting modifiable factors predominant within an age group may be more effective as a stroke prevention strategy."
"AB The satellite observed Normalized Difference Vegetation Index (NDVI) time series, which describe the temporal and spatial variability of global terrestrial vegetation, are inevitably contaminated by clouds, aerosol, snow and ice cover. In general all these conditions yield negative deviations in the time series of NDVI. Many time series reconstruction models have been developed to eliminate effect of the negative deviations and most of them perform differently in different applications and regions. The Harmonic Analysis (HA), Double logistic (DL), Asymmetric Gaussian (AG), Whittaker smoother (WS) and Savitzky-Golay filter (SG) are five of the most widely used time series reconstruction models owing to their simplicity of implementation or the capability to extract phenological metrics from the time series. The performance of these models varies with the NDVI signal and the noise distribution, however, and until now there is no consensus on which method outperforms all others under all situations. Since the NDVI signal and the noise distribution are highly dependent on regional climate and land cover, the reconstruction performance is expected to be spatially variable. Thus this study compared the five reconstruction models at pixel scale to provide practical and biome- specific recommendations for future time series reconstruction applications. Specifically, the 14 years raw daily reflectance data and ancillary Quality Assessment (QA) information from the MODIS sensor were used to generate pixel reference series and noisy series. Then the five candidate models were applied to both reference series and noisy series and three reconstruction performance metrics i.e. Overall Reconstruction Error (ORE), Fitting Related Error (FRE), and Normalized Noise Related Error (NNRE), were calculated. Finally, the performance of the five candidate reconstruction models was evaluated by applying the three metrics. The preliminary results showed that when considering ORE only, the Asymmetric Gaussian model outperforms other models over most areas of high latitude boreal region, while the Savitzky-Golay model gives the best reconstruction performance in tropical and subtropical regions. The FRE and the NNRE helped to reveal the main error sources in the reconstruction in different regions. The comparison method developed and applied in this study led to suggest adaptive selection of the best reconstruction model for specific NDVI signals and noise distribution. (C) 2016 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved."
"AB Coffee is a commonly consumed beverage which contains several potential anticarcinogenic and chemopreventive compounds, and has been hypothesized to have protective effects in colorectal neoplasia. However, the limited available data on coffee consumption in relation to colorectal adenoma (CRA), a precursor lesion to most colorectal cancers, remain largely inconsistent. In this study, we evaluated the association of coffee intake with the risk of CRA in a middle-aged Japanese population. Study subjects were selected from examinees who underwent total colonoscopy as part of a cancer screening program and responded to self-administered dietary and lifestyle questionnaires. A total of 738 patients with adenoma and 697 controls were included in the study. Coffee intake was assessed with a food frequency questionnaire, and divided into quartiles based on the distribution among controls. Unconditional logistic regression models were used to estimate odds ratio (OR) and 95% confidence interval (CI) of CRA, with adjustment for potential confounding factors. High coffee consumption was associated with a reduced risk of CRA, with a multivariate-adjusted OR for the highest versus lowest quartile of coffee intake of 0.67 (95% CI=0.48-0.93; p(trend)=0.02). The inverse association of coffee intake was limited to proximal (OR=0.64; 95%CI=0.44-0.95; p(trend)=0.04) and distal colon adenoma (OR=0.62; 95%CI=0.39-0.99; p(trend)=0.06), and appeared to be more evident with small (OR=0.68; 95%CI=0.49-0.96; p(trend)=0.04) and single adenomas (OR=0.65; 95%CI=0.44-0.95; p(trend)=0.02). Green tea intake was not found to be associated with CRA risk. This study provides support for the protective effect of coffee drinking on colon adenomas, a precursor of colon cancer."
"AB Background A reliable scoring tool to detect the risk of intracerebral hemorrhage (ICH) after intravenous thrombolysis for ischemic stroke is warranted. The present study was designed to develop and validate a new nomogram for individualized prediction of the probability of hemorrhagic transformation (HT) in patients treated with intravenous (IV) recombinant tissue plasminogen activator (rt-PA). Methods We enrolled patients who suffered from acute ischemic stroke (AIS) with IV rt-PA treatment in our emergency green channel between August 2016 and July 2018. The main outcome was defined as any type of intracerebral hemorrhage according to the European Cooperative Acute Stroke Study II (ECASS II). All patients were randomly divided into two cohorts: the primary cohort and the validation cohort. On the basis of multivariate logistic model, the predictive nomogram was generated. The performance of the nomogram was evaluated by Harrell's concordance index (C-index) and calibration plot. Results A total of 194 patients with complete data were enrolled, of whom 131 comprised the primary cohort and 63 comprised the validation cohort, with HT rate 12.2, 9.5% respectively. The score of chronic disease scale (CDS), the global burden of cerebral small vascular disease (CSVD), National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale (NIHSS) score >= 13, and onset-to-treatment time (OTT) >= 180 were detected important determinants of ICH and included to construct the nomogram. The nomogram derived from the primary cohort for HT had C- Statistics of 0.9562 and the calibration plot revealed generally fit in predicting the risk of HT. Furthermore, we made a comparison between our new nomogram and several other risk-assessed scales for HT with receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve analysis, and the results showed the nomogram model gave an area under curve of 0.9562 (95%CI, 0.9221-0.9904, P < 0.01) greater than HAT (Hemorrhage After Thrombolysis), SEDAN (blood Sugar, Early infarct and hyper Dense cerebral artery sign on non-contrast computed tomography, Age, and NIHSS) and SPAN-100 (Stroke Prognostication using Age and NIHSS) scores. Conclusions This proposed nomogram based on the score of CDS, the global burden of CSVD, NIHSS score >= 13, and OTT >= 180 gives rise to a more accurate and more comprehensive prediction for HT in patients with ischemic stroke receiving IV rt-PA treatment."
"AB The relevance. Functioning of mining operations in modern conditions is characterized by the active influence of external and internal factors. In the conditions of unstable external environment, upon transition from one development stage to another, subsystems of mining operations have to submit to the purpose of ensuring steady functioning of the enterprise - providing output streams with the set parameters. During this period stability of mining and technical systems changes that have an impact on a condition of economic and social subsystems of mining operations, and also on the state of environment caused by changes in parameters of technology and engineering procedures. It demands the development of the new approaches and the management principles of work of the mining operations based on coordination of economic targets with the purposes in the field of ecology and social development."
"AB Vegetation spring phenology in mountains has undergone profound changes due to climate change. In this paper, which made use of the Harmonic Analysis of Time Series (HANTS) smoothing algorithm and logistic models, the start of the vegetation growing season (SOS) inferred from MODIS datasets with different spatial resolutions from 2001 to 2018 was extracted. The MODIS data closest to the ground-truth observation data were then selected to reflect spring phenology. Combined with temperature and precipitation data, the spatio-temporal patterns and elevation-dependent change mechanisms of the SOS and its legacy effect on vegetation growth in the mountains of northwest Mongolia was examined and the following results were obtained: (1) Compared with the MOD13A1 and MOD13A2 datasets, the high spatial resolution MOD13Q1 dataset provided stronger correlations and the lowest errors with ground-truth observation data. (2) In this study, the SOS usually occurred between 120 and 152 day-of-year (DOY) with the earlier SOS detected in the low-elevation areas. Later SOS occurred mostly in the higher elevation areas. (3) The spatio-temporal variations in the SOS are mainly influenced by both spring temperature and winter precipitation, with increasing precipitation in winter tending to delay the SOS, while increasing spring temperature tended to advance the SOS. (4) At elevation gradient, the spring temperature showed a significant negative effect on SOS at all elevations, except between 1037 m and 1137 m and 3337 m to 3437 m above sea level (ASL), with a significant positive correlation between SOS and winter precipitation between 1337 m and 2937 m ASL. It is expected that spring temperature is closely linked to the heat accumulation of plants, while winter precipitation indirectly affects the temperature in spring. (5) In lower elevation areas (below 1437 m ASL), the SOS was found to be negatively correlated with spring and summer growth, with advancing SOS leading to increased vegetation growth during spring and summer. In higher elevation areas (above 1437 m ASL), the SOS was significantly negatively correlated with spring growth and positively correlated with summer growth. Hence, delayed SOS leads to decreased spring growth and increased summer growth. Also, we found the effect of SOS on vegetation growth gradually weakened from spring to summer. These findings can help to determine the mechanisms and functional consequences of spring phenological changes in mountain regions."
AB Background
"AB Background: The South African Triage Scale (SATS) was developed to facilitate patient triage in emergency departments (EDs) and is used by Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF) in low-resource environments. The aim was to determine if SATS data, reason for admission, and patient age can be used to develop and validate a model predicting the in-hospital risk of death in emergency surgical centers and to compare the model's discriminative power with that of the four SATS categories alone."
"AB Fusarium wilt (Panama disease) of banana currently threatens banana production areas worldwide. Timely monitoring of Fusarium wilt disease is important for the disease treatment and adjustment of banana planting methods. The objective of this study was to establish a method for identifying the banana regions infested or not infested with Fusarium wilt disease using unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV)-based multispectral imagery. Two experiments were conducted in this study. In experiment 1, 120 sample plots were surveyed, of which 75% were used as modeling dataset for model fitting and the remaining were used as validation dataset 1 (VD1) for validation. In experiment 2, 35 sample plots were surveyed, which were used as validation dataset 2 (VD2) for model validation. An UAV equipped with a five band multispectral camera was used to capture the multispectral imagery. Eight vegetation indices (VIs) related to pigment absorption and plant growth changes were chosen for determining the biophysical and biochemical characteristics of the plants. The binary logistic regression (BLR) method was used to assess the spatial relationships between the VIs and the plants infested or not infested with Fusarium wilt. The results showed that the banana Fusarium wilt disease can be easily identified using the VIs including the green chlorophyll index (CIgreen), red-edge chlorophyll index (CIRE), normalized difference vegetation index (NDVI), and normalized difference red-edge index (NDRE). The fitting overall accuracies of the models were greater than 80%. Among the investigated VIs, the CIRE exhibited the best performance both for the VD1 (OA = 91.7%, Kappa = 0.83) and VD2 (OA = 80.0%, Kappa = 0.59). For the same type of VI, the VIs including a red-edge band obtained a better performance than that excluding a red-edge band. A simulation of imagery with different spatial resolutions (i.e., 0.5-m, 1-m, 2-m, 5-m, and 10-m resolutions) showed that good identification accuracy of Fusarium wilt was obtained when the resolution was higher than 2 m. As the resolution decreased, the identification accuracy of Fusarium wilt showed a decreasing trend. The findings indicate that UAV-based remote sensing with a red-edge band is suitable for identifying banana Fusarium wilt disease. The results of this study provide guidance for detecting the disease and crop planting adjustment."
"AB Urbanization is responsible for large environmental changes worldwide. Although traditionally urbanization was related to negative environmental impacts, recent research also highlights positive impacts like the potential of urban areas to store soil organic carbon. The net effect of urbanization on soil organic carbon is poorly understood. Negative influences of construction and soil sealing may be compensated by the establishment of green areas. Possible net effects of future urbanization on soil organic carbon stocks were explored for the Moscow Region, based on the soil survey and land conversion model. The regional urbanization was modelled as a function of environmental, socio-economic and neighbourhood factors. This yielded three alternative scenarios for urbanization: i) including neighbourhood factors; ii) excluding neighbourhood factors and focusing oh environmental drivers; and iii) considering the New Moscow Project that includes the establishment of 1500 km(2) of new urbanized area following governmental regulation. The three scenarios showed substantial expansion of urban areas on 30, 10 and 80%. The model, considering neighbourhood effect was the most accurate with 91% of correct predictions. Urbanization in the region mainly converted forests, fallow and arable lands. The negative effect of urbanization (i.e soil sealing and excavation of topsoil for building construction) was compensated by positive effect (e.i. urban greenery and ""cultural layers""). In result an increase of soil organic carbon stocks of 4.2 +/- 1.7 to 11.0 +/- 2.6 Tg C was shown for all three scenarios. The highest increases in soil organic carbon stocks occurred on the less fertile Orthic Podzols and Eutric Podzoluvisols, whereas SOC stocks in Orthic Luvisols, Luvic Chernozems, Dystric Histosols and Eutric Fluvisols increased less. Subsoil C-stocks were much more affected with an extra 4 +/- 1.6 to 10 +/- 2.4 Tg soil organic carbon than those in the topsoils. The highest increase of both topsoil and subsoil soil organic carbon stocks occurred in the New Moscow scenario with the highest urbanization. Even when the relatively high uncertainties of the absolute C-stocks are considered, the outcomes highlight the potential of cities to enhance soil organic carbon storage. This will progressively become more important in the future following the increasing world-wide urbanization. (C) 2017 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
AB Purpose
"AB Physical activity provides multiple health benefits to seniors, and urban parks are one of theprimary settings where seniors engage in physical activity. However, seniors' park-based physical activity and their needs related to park environmental characteristics are not well understood. This study aimed to explore associations between the intensity of seniors' physical activity during park visits and the types of park facilities (e.g. pathways, lawns) they use. We recruited seniors from two parks in Shanghai at the beginning of their park visits, and used ac-celerometers to assess instantaneous metabolic equivalent of energy (MET) along with GPS to track spatial locations of these activities at 10-second intervals. Data from 286 participants were included, and we examined time spent on ten different types of park facilities; these were: pathway wider than 3.5 m, pathway narrower than 3.5 m, large paved open space, small paved open space, sports area, children's playground, lawn, water, other natural area, and building and other area. A multilevel logistic model was built with type of facility as the independent variable and instantaneous physical activity intensity as the outcome variable. We also applied stepwise regression analyses to examine the relationship between the proportion of time spent in moderate and vigorous physical activity (MVPA), overall MET (dependent variable), and the proportion of time spent using different park facilities."
AB BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVES: The association between tea consumption and risk of coronary heart disease (CHD) remains controversial. This study aimed to determine whether tea consumption has an effect on CHD risk in Chinese adults.
"AB Background: Greenness may protect from or contribute to allergy risk by influencing air pollution and humanmicrobe interactions. However, existing research on the issue is heterogeneous and produced conflicting results. Less in known about the effects of greyness. This study investigated the association between different characteristics of residential and school environment and allergic symptoms in schoolchildren."
AB Background
AB Purpose
"AB Background: Nonadherence to dietary and fluid restrictions, hemodialysis (HD), and medication treatment has been shown to increase the risks of hospitalization and mortality significantly. Sociodemographic and biochemical parameters as well as psychosocial conditions such as depression and anxiety are known to affect nonadherence in HD patients. However, evidence related to the relative importance and actual impact of these factors varies among studies."
"AB Land surface phenology has been widely used to evaluate the effects of climate change on terrestrial ecosystems in recent decades. Climate warming on the Tibetan Plateau (1960-2010, 0.2 A degrees C/decade) has been found to be greater than the global average (1951-2012, 0.12 A degrees C/decade), which has had a significant impact on the timing of spring greenup. However, the magnitude and direction of change in spring phenology and its response to warming temperature and precipitation are currently under scientific debate. In an attempt to explore this issue further, we detected the onset of greenup based on the time series of daily two-band enhanced vegetation index (EVI2) from the advanced very high resolution radiometer (AVHRR) long-term data record (LTDR; 1982-1999) and Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer (MODIS) Climate Modeling Grid (CMG; 2000-2013) using hybrid piecewise logistic models. Further, we examined the temporal trend in greenup onset in both individual pixels and ecoregions across the entire Tibetan Plateau over the following periods: 1982-1999, 2000-2013, and 1982-2013. The interannual variation in greenup onset was linked to the mean temperature and cumulative precipitation in the preceding month, and total precipitation during winter and spring, respectively. Finally, we investigated the relationship between interannual variation in greenup onset dates and temperature and precipitation from 1982 to 2013 at different elevational zones for different ecoregions. The results revealed no significant trend in the onset of greenup from 1982 to 2013 in more than 86 % of the Tibetan Plateau. For each study period, statistically significant earlier greenup trends were observed mainly in the eastern meadow regions while later greenup trends mainly occurred in the southwestern steppe and meadow regions both with areal coverage of less than 8 %. Although spring phenology was negatively correlated with spring temperature and precipitation in the majority of pixels (> 60 %), only 15 % and 10 % of these correlations were significant (P < 0.1), respectively. Climate variables had varying effects on the ecoregions with altitude. In the meadow ecoregion, greenup onset was significantly affected by both temperature and precipitation from 3500 to 4000 m altitude and by temperature alone from 4000 to 4500 m. In contrast, greenup onset across all elevational zones, in the steppe ecoregion, was not directly driven by either spring temperature or precipitation, which was likely impacted by soil moisture associated with warming temperature. These findings highlight the complex impacts of climate change on spring phenology in the Tibetan Plateau."
AB Introduction
"AB Background Although global nutrition/dietary transition resulting from industrialisation and urbanisation has been identified as a major contributor to widespread trends of obesity, there is limited data in pregnant women, including those living with HIV in South Africa. We examined food-based dietary intake in pregnant women with and without HIV at first antenatal care (ANC) visit, and associations with maternal overweight/obesity and gestational weight gain (GWG). Methods In an urban South African community, consecutive women living with (n = 479) and without (n = 510) HIV were enrolled and prospectively followed to delivery. Interviewer-administered non-quantitative food frequency questionnaire was used to assess dietary intake (starch, protein, dairy, fruits, vegetables, legumes, oils/fats) at enrolment. Associations with maternal body mass index (BMI) and GWG were examined using logistic regression models. Results Among women (median age 29 years, IQR 25-34), the prevalence of obesity (BMI >= 30 kg/m(2)) at first ANC was 43% and that of excessive GWG (per IOM guidelines) was 37% overall; HIV prevalence was 48%. In women without HIV, consumption of potato (any preparation) (aOR 1.98, 95% CI 1.02-3.84) and pumpkin/butternut (aOR 2.13, 95% CI 1.29-3.49) for 1-3 days a week increased the odds of overweight/obesity compared to not consuming any; milk in tea/coffee (aOR 6.04, 95% CI 1.37-26.50) increased the odds of excessive GWG. Consumption of eggs (any) (aOR 0.52, 95% CI 0.32-0.86) for 1-3 days a week reduced the odds of overweight/obesity while peanut and nuts consumption for 4-7 days a week reduced the odds (aOR 0.34, 95% CI 0.14-0.80) of excessive GWG. In women with HIV, consumption of milk/yoghurt/maas to drink/on cereals (aOR 0.35, 95% CI 0.18-0.68), tomato (raw/cooked) (aOR 0.50, 95% CI 0.30-0.84), green beans (aOR 0.41, 95% CI 0.20-0.86), mixed vegetables (aOR 0.49, 95% CI 0.29-0.84) and legumes e.g. baked beans, lentils (aOR 0.50, 95% CI 0.28-0.86) for 4-7 days a week reduced the odds of overweight/obesity; tomato (raw/cooked) (aOR 0.48, 95% CI 0.24-0.96) and mixed vegetables (aOR 0.38, 95% CI 0.18-0.78) also reduced the odds of excessive GWG. Conclusions Diet modification may promote healthy weight in pregnant women living with and without HIV."
"AB Background Observational studies have identified a link between unfavourable neighbourhood characteristics and increased risk of morbidity, but it is unclear whether changes in neighbourhoods affect future disease risk. We used a data-driven approach to assess the impact of neighbourhood modification on 79 health outcomes."
"AB Environmental toxicants affect human health in various ways. Of the thousands of chemicals present in the environment, those with adverse effects on the endocrine system are referred to as endocrine-disrupting chemicals (EDCs). Here, we focused on a subclass of EDCs that impacts the estrogen receptor (ER), a pivotal transcriptional regulator in health and disease. Estrogenic activity of compounds can be measured by manyin vitroor cell-based high throughput assays that record various endpoints from large pools of cells, and increasingly at the single-cell level. To simultaneously capture multiple mechanistic ER endpoints in individual cells that are affected by EDCs, we previously developed a sensitive high throughput/high content imaging assay that is based upon a stable cell line harboring a visible multicopy ER responsive transcription unit and expressing a green fluorescent protein (GFP) fusion of ER. High content analysis generates voluminous multiplex data comprised of minable features that describe numerous mechanistic endpoints. In this study, we present a machine learning pipeline for rapid, accurate, and sensitive assessment of the endocrine-disrupting potential of benchmark chemicals based on data generated from high content analysis. The multidimensional imaging data was used to train a classification model to ultimately predict the impact of unknown compounds on the ER, either as agonists or antagonists. To this end, both linear logistic regression and nonlinear Random Forest classifiers were benchmarked and evaluated for predicting the estrogenic activity of unknown compounds. Furthermore, through feature selection, data visualization, and model discrimination, the most informative features were identified for the classification of ER agonists/antagonists. The results of this data-driven study showed that highly accurate and generalized classification models with a minimum number of features can be constructed without loss of generality, where these machine learning models serve as a means for rapid mechanistic/phenotypic evaluation of the estrogenic potential of many chemicals."
"AB Background The role of environmental exposures in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) remains inconclusive. We examined the association between environmental exposures (PM2.5, greenness, and urbanicity) and COPD prevalence using the UK Biobank cohort data to identify key built environment correlates of COPD."
"AB A hydrophilic interaction (HILIC) ultra-high performance liquid chromatography (UHPLC) with triple quadrupole tandem mass spectrometry (MS/MS) method was developed and validated for the quantification of 21 free amino acids (AAs). Compared to published reports, our method renders collectively improved sensitivity with lower limit of quantification (LLOQ) at 0.5-42.19 ng/mL with 0.3 mu L injection volume (or equivalently 0.15-12.6 pg injected on column), robust linear range from LLOQ up to 3521-5720 ng/mL (or 1056 1716 pg on column) and a high throughput with total time of 6 min per sample, as well as easier experimental setup, less maintenance and higher adaptation flexibility. Ammonium formate in the mobile phase, though commonly used in HILIC, was found unnecessary in our experimental setup, and its removal from mobile phase was key for significant improvement in sensitivity (4-74 times higher than with 5 mM ammonium formate). Addition of 10 (or up to100 mM) hydrochloric acid (HCl) in the sample diluent was crucial to keep response linearity for basic amino acids of histidine, lysine and arginine. Different HCl concentration (10-100 mM) in sample diluent also excreted an effect on detection sensitivity, and it is of importance to keep the final prepared sample and calibrators in the same HCl level. Leucine and isoleucine were distinguished using different transitions. Validated at seven concentration levels, accuracy was bound within 75-125%, matrix effect generally within 90-110%, and precision error mostly below 2.5%. Using this newly developed method, the free amino acids were then quantified in a total of 544 African indigenous vegetables (AIVs) samples from African nightshades (AN), Ethiopian mustards (EM), amaranths (AM) and spider plants (SP), comprising a total of 8 identified species and 43 accessions, cultivated and harvested in USA, Kenya and Tanzania over several years, 2013-2018. The AN, EM, AM and SP were distinguished based on free AAs profile using machine learning methods (ML) including principle component analysis, discriminant analysis, naive Bayes, elastic net-regularized logistic regression, random forest and support vector machine, with prediction accuracy achieved at ca. 83-97% on the test set (train/test ratio at 7/3). An interactive ML platform was constructed using R Shiny at https://boyuan.shinyapps.io/AIV_Classifier/ for modeling train-test simulation and category prediction of unknown AIV sample(s). This new method presents a robust and rapid approach to quantifying free amino acids in plants for use in evaluating plants, biofortification, botanical authentication, safety, adulteration and with applications to nutrition, health and food product development. (C) 2020 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB Background Following a terrorist attack a second hit is to be feared. The adequate reaction of the emergency services on site is to clear the scene. Since in such cases no treatment areas are set up at the scene of the incident, the injured are quickly admitted to the nearest hospital, either by themselves or by the emergency services and are largely untreated. Therefore, the hospital has to be ready to take in a significantly larger number of injured people in a very short period of time than after a conventional mass casualty incident. Due to the conceivably large number of wounded persons the emergency department can ensure primary medical care but nowhere near all casualties admitted to the hospital can be definitively treated. Objective In order to provide injured patients with individual medical care after initial treatment according to the criteria of damage control resuscitation, a concept should be developed that enables a well-organized secondary transfer to receiving hospitals with appropriate equipment. Material and methods Within a radius of 100 km from Ulm, all hospitals certified by the German Society for Trauma Surgery were contacted and asked to indicate how many emergency patients of the triage categories T1 (red), T2 (yellow) and T3 (green) could be admitted and treated around the clock (24/7). Special features such as a helicopter landing pad, neurosurgical care and pediatric traumatology care were considered. Results Of the 32 hospitals within a 100 km radius of Ulm 29 (91%) provided information on the admission capacity. In these hospitals 45 T1, 121 T2 and 333 T3 patients could be admitted around the clock (24/7). A helicopter landing pad is available at 26 of the 29 hospitals (90%), 11 hospitals (38%) can treat patients for emergency neurosurgery and 18 hospitals (62%) have the possibility of pediatric traumatological emergency care. Based on this information the structured exit wave plan was developed, which enables a secondary transfer of at least 100 patients to qualified trauma centers. Conclusion The University Hospital of Ulm has made preparations to admit at least 100 injured patients for initial medical treatment following a terrorist attack. This corresponds to 10% of the hospital beds as required in the literature. Together with the neighboring Military Hospital and the University and Rehabilitation Hospital Ulm up to 300 injured patients can be treated; however, the number of available intensive care unit (ICU) beds and capacities in normal wards for definitive care is much lower, therefore, patients treated according to the principles of damage control resuscitation have to be relocated. By documenting the capacity of the hospitals within a 100 km radius around Ulm and taking their specific features into account, an exit wave plan could be created that enables patient distribution for definitive care without time-consuming procedures."
"AB Background: Due to the complex interplay among different urban-related exposures, a comprehensive approach is advisable to estimate the health effects. We simultaneously assessed the effect of ""green"", ""grey"" and air pollution exposure on respiratory/allergic conditions and general symptoms in schoolchildren."
"AB Simple Summary: The risk posed by traffic likely impacts equestrians' decisions around road use, potentially limiting or preventing exercise sessions. This study identifies how frequently equestrians use roads and what impacts their ability to do so. Over 6000 UK equestrians completed an online questionnaire about their exercise behaviours, road use and experiences of road-related incidents. Most equestrians use roads regularly. In the previous year, 68% of equestrians experienced a near-miss and 6% an injury-causing incident. Our results found that regional differences in road use and near-miss experiences coincided with off-road route availability. Road use was associated with the proximity of off-road routes, and road-using equestrians covered longer distances. Near-misses were associated with increasing frequency of weekly road use. Younger equestrians were more likely to use roads, but also to experience near-misses. Injury-causing incidents were associated with increasing road-use anxiety or ceasing to use roads (due to strong feelings of danger, compromised safety and conflict with other road users), the proximity of off-road routes, having a near-miss and riding while leading a ridden horse; often a child. Targeted campaigns encouraging responsible road use, better off-road access and inclusion of equestrians in planning and development initiatives would create safer equestrian spaces, particularly for young people."
"AB Due to a rapid increase in accessible Earth observation data coupled with high computing and storage capabilities, multiple efforts over the past few years have aimed to map land use/land cover using image time series with promising outcomes. Here, we evaluate the comparative performance of alternative land cover classifications generated by using only (1) phenological metrics derived from either of two land surface phenology models, or (2) a suite of spectral band percentiles and normalized ratios (spectral variables), or (3) a combination of phenological metrics and spectral variables. First, several annual time series of remotely sensed data were assembled: Accumulated growing degree-days (AGDD) from the MODerate resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer (MODIS) 8-day land surface temperature products, 2-band Enhanced Vegetation Index (EVI2), and the spectral variables from the Harmonized Landsat Sentinel-2, as well as from the U.S. Landsat Analysis Ready Data surface reflectance products. Then, at each pixel, EVI2 time series were fitted using two different land surface phenology models: The Convex Quadratic model (CxQ), in which EVI2 = f(AGDD) and the Hybrid Piecewise Logistic Model (HPLM), in which EVI2 = f(day of year). Phenometrics and spectral variables were submitted separately and together to Random Forest Classifiers (RFC) to depict land use/land cover in Roberts County, South Dakota. HPLM RFC models showed slightly better accuracy than CxQ RFC models (about 1% relative higher in overall accuracy). Compared to phenometrically-based RFC models, spectrally-based RFC models yielded more accurate land cover maps, especially for non-crop cover types. However, the RFC models built from spectral variables could not accurately classify the wheat class, which contained mostly spring wheat with some fields in durum or winter varieties. The most accurate RFC models were obtained when using both phenometrics and spectral variables as inputs. The combined-variable RFC models overcame weaknesses of both phenometrically-based classification (low accuracy for non-vegetated covers) and spectrally-based classification (low accuracy for wheat). The analysis of important variables indicated that land cover classification for this study area was strongly driven by variables related to the initial green-up phase of seasonal growth and maximum fitted EVI2. For a deeper evaluation of RFC performance, RFC classifications were also executed with several alternative sampling scenarios, including different spatiotemporal filters to improve accuracy of sample pools and different sample sizes. Results indicated that a sample pool with less filtering yielded the most accurate predicted land cover map and a stratified random sample dataset covering approximately 0.25% or more of the study area were required to achieve an accurate land cover map. In case of data scarcity, a smaller dataset might be acceptable, but should not smaller than 0.05% of the study area."
"AB Purpose Based on climate issues and carbon emissions, this study aims to promote low-carbon consumption and compel consumers to actively shift to energy-saving appliances. In this big data era, online reviews in social and electronic commerce (e-commerce) websites contain valuable product information, which can facilitate firm business strategies and consumer comparison shopping. This study is designed to advance existing research on energy-saving refrigerators by incorporating machine learning models in the analysis of online reviews to provide valuable suggestions to e-commerce platform managers and manufacturers to effectively understand the psychological cognition of consumers. Design/methodology/approach This study proposes an online e-commerce review mining and management strategy model based on ""data acquisition and cleaning, data mining and analysis and strategy formation"" through multiple machine learning methods, namely, Bayes networks, support vector machine (SVM), latent Dirichlet allocation (LDA) and importance-performance analysis (IPA), to help managers. Findings Based on a case study of one of the largest e-commerce platforms in China, this study linguistically analyzes 29,216 online reviews of energy-saving refrigerators. Results indicate that the energy-saving refrigerator features that consumers are generally satisfied with are, in sequential order, logistics, function, price, outlook, after-sales service, brand, quality and space. This study also identifies ten topics with 100 keywords by analyzing 18 different refrigerator models. Finally, based on the IPA, this study allocates different priorities to the features and provides suggestions from the perspective of consumers, the government and manufacturers. Research limitations/implications In terms of limitations, future research may focus on the following points. First, the topics identified in this study derive from specific points in time and reviews; thus, the topics may change with the text data. A machine learning-based online review analysis platform could be developed in the future to dynamically improve consumer satisfaction. Moreover, given that consumers' needs may change over time, e-commerce platform types and consumer characteristics, such as user profiles, can be incorporated into the model to effectively analyze trends in consumers' perceived dimensions. Originality/value This study fills the gap in previous research in this field, which uses small-sample data for qualitative analysis, while integrating management ideas and proposes an online e-commerce review mining and management strategy model based on machine learning methods. Moreover, this study considers how consumers' emotional and thematic preferences for products affect their purchase decision-making from the perspective of their psychological perception and linguistically analyzes online reviews of energy-saving refrigerators using the proposed mining model. Through the improved IPA model, this study provides optimizing strategies to help e-commerce platform managers and manufacturers."
"AB Background Despite being one of the wealthiest nations, disparities in adverse birth outcomes persist across racial and ethnic lines in the United States. We studied the association between historical redlining and preterm birth, low birth weight (LBW), small-for-gestational age (SGA), and perinatal mortality over a ten-year period (2006-2015) in Los Angeles, Oakland, and San Francisco, California. Methods We used birth outcomes data from the California Office of Statewide Health Planning and Development between January 1, 2006 and December 31, 2015. Home Owners' Loan Corporation (HOLC) Security Maps developed in the 1930s assigned neighborhoods one of four grades that pertained to perceived investment risk of borrowers from that neighborhood: green (grade A) were considered ""Best"", blue (grade B) ""Still Desirable"", yellow (grade C) ""Definitely Declining"", and red (grade D, hence the term ""redlining"") ""Hazardous"". Geocoded residential addresses at the time of birth were superimposed on HOLC Security Maps to assign each birth a HOLC grade. We adjusted for potential confounders present at the time of Security Map creation by assigning HOLC polygons areal-weighted 1940s Census measures. We then employed propensity score matching methods to estimate the association of historical HOLC grades on current birth outcomes. Because tracts graded A had almost no propensity of receiving grade C or D and because grade B tracts had low propensity of receiving grade D, we examined birth outcomes in the three following comparisons: B vs. A, C vs. B, and D vs. C. Results The prevalence of preterm birth, SGA and mortality tended to be higher in worse HOLC grades, while the prevalence of LBW varied across grades. Overall odds of mortality and preterm birth increased as HOLC grade worsened. Propensity score matching balanced 1940s census measures across contrasting groups. Logistic regression models revealed significantly elevated odds of preterm birth (odds ratio (OR): 1.02, 95% confidence interval (CI): 1.00-1.05), and SGA (OR: 1.03, 95% CI: 1.00-1.05) in the C vs. B comparison and significantly reduced odds of preterm birth (OR: 0.93, 95% CI: 0.91-0.95), LBW (OR: 0.94-95% CI: 0.92-0.97), and SGA (OR: 0.94, 95% CI: 0.92-0.96) in the D vs. C comparison. Results differed by metropolitan area and maternal race. Conclusion Similar to prior studies on redlining, we found that worsening HOLC grade was associated with adverse birth outcomes, although this relationship was less clear after propensity score matching and stratifying by metropolitan area. Higher odds of preterm birth and SGA in grade C versus grade B neighborhoods may be caused by higher-stress environments, racial segregation, and lack of access to resources, while lower odds of preterm birth, SGA, and LBW in grade D versus grade C neighborhoods may due to population shifts in those neighborhoods related to gentrification."
AB Background Accumulating evidence suggests the important role of the home food environment in an individual's dietary intake.
"AB Background Sub-Saharan Africa has the highest incidence, prevalence, and fatality from stroke globally. Yet, only little information about context-specific risk factors for prioritising interventions to reduce the stroke burden in sub-Saharan Africa is available. We aimed to identify and characterise the effect of the top modifiable risk factors for stroke in sub-Saharan Africa."
"AB Aim. To substantiate the approaches to activating export transactions in the market of pig breeding products, determining the indicators of competitiveness of the main kinds of meat and relative competitiveness of pig breeding products in the leading countries based on the identification of factors, restraining the export of Ukrainian pig breeding products, and elaborating the suggestions on eliminating their negative impact on the dynamics of foreign economic activity in the industry. Methods. The methodological approaches of the study were based on the information about the volumes of foreign trade, mainly used for international comparison and determined for each commodity or commodity group. The Relative Export Advantage Index (RXA), the Relative Import Penetration Index (RMP) and the Relative Trade Advantage Index (RTA) were determined while estimating competitive advantages of pig breeding products. The study involved a comprehensive comparative analysis of the main kinds of meat products in the external market using the model of ""food independence - competitiveness"". The index of food independence was used along with the generalizing index of competitiveness for some kinds of meat products - the modified Balassa index. It was determined that it was reasonable to determine the level of food independence based on food self-production within the range of 70-80 % from the commodity resources of the domestic food market. Our study involved the data of the informational database of the State Statistics Service of Ukraine and FAO regarding the volume of export-import of pig breeding production. Results. It has been proven that there are no competitive advantages of Ukraine's pig breeding production in external markets; there is insufficient food independence on the background of potential advantages for the expansion of export, in particular, that of cheap fodder and logistics. A considerable decrease in the exchange rate for hryvnia compared to foreign currencies of the leading countries creates prerequisites for successful promotion of Ukrainian pork both in domestic and foreign markets. The need of monitoring the implementation of food independence criteria and diversification of export specialization of the country was substantiated. In the long-term perspective, it is reasonable to optimize the level of protection for the market of pig breeding products, to stimulate domestic production, to distribute the instruments of state support for the ""green box"". It has been proven that the main directions of supporting the export of domestic agrarian products should become as follows: facilitating export procedures; expanding assortment and accessibility of financial services; developing the supporting infrastructure; informational support for exporters; conducting research and implementing support programs; the activity of the system of credit-insurance institute and trade representations should be carried out in a single complex via determining the potential market and financial-insurance support for the export. Conclusions. The method of two-criteria analysis of the status of domestic market for meat products based on the indices of food safety and international competitiveness has been developed and tested which will promote complex estimation of positions of some kinds of commodities in external market. The model of two-criteria analysis allows substantiating effective instruments of state regulation and protecting the relevant market of products."
"AB What are the maternal risk factors for hyperemesis gravidarum (HG) hospital admission, readmission and reoccurrence in a following pregnancy?"
"AB Background: The comparative efficacy, and cost-effectiveness, of imiquimod or podophyllotoxin cream, either alone or in combination with the quadrivalent HPV vaccine (Gardasil (R), Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp., Merck & Co., Inc., Whitehouse Station, NJ, USA) in the treatment and prevention of recurrence of anogenital warts is not known."
AB Background
TI Pedestrian compliance and cross walking speed adaptation due to
TI Design of bioethanol green supply chain: Comparison between first and
"AB This contribution addresses the optimal design of the biomass supply chain as it is crucial to ensure long term viability of such a project. This work is focused on the multi objective optimization by considering all the dimension of the sustainable development, namely economic, environmental, and social. The environmental dimension is quantified through life cycle assessment, and more particularly the Ecocosts method. The social aspect is measured through two indicators: the competition between energy and food, and the total number of local accrued jobs. For the latter a new method based on financial accounting analysis is proposed to estimate the direct, indirect and induced jobs created."
TI Near-Infrared Autofluorescence Imaging in Geographic Atrophy Using
TI Socially Accountable Medical Education: An Innovative Approach at
TI International emission regulation in sea transport: Economic feasibility
TI The impact of retailers' sustainability and price on consumers'
TI Characterising convinced sustainable food consumers
TI Association Between Park Characteristics and Park-Based Physical
TI Climatic Controls of the Spatial Patterns of Vegetation Phenology in
TI Dynamics of Metal Partitioning at the Cell-Solution Interface:
TI Environmental management practices for the circular economy development
TI Impact of adherence to Mediterranean diet and/or drug treatment on
TI Conceptualization of a spent coffee grounds biorefinery: A review of
TI Human serum albumin redox state is associated with decreased renal
"TI Industrial ecology, industrial symbiosis and supply chain environmental"
TI Hypertensive Disorders of Pregnancy in Relation to Coffee and Tea
TI A demand index for recreational ecosystem services associated with urban
TI COL8A1 rs13095226 polymorphism shows no association with neovascular
TI When do 3PLs initiate low-carbon supply chain integration?
TI Development of a multi-objective model for the design of sustainable
TI Clipping of anterior communicating artery aneurysms in the early
TI Outdoor thermal comfort conditions during summer in a cold semi-arid
TI Exploring opportunities of using the sharing economy in sustainable
TI Ratio of mean platelet volume to platelet count is a potential surrogate
TI A Strategic Location Decision-Making Approach for Multi-Tier Supply
TI Supply chains under resource pressure Strategies for improving resource
TI Characterizing land surface phenology and responses to rainfall in the
"TI Illness perception, coping and adherence to treatment among patients"
TI Supply chain practices An implementation status in Indian manufacturing
TI Customers' willingness of irresponsible industry 4.0 companies to
"TI Associations between neighbourhood street pattern, neighbourhood"
TI Oolong tea consumption and its interactions with a novel composite index
TI Optimal Policies for the Management of an Electric Vehicle Battery Swap
TI Mass deployment of sustainable transportation: evaluation of factors
TI Prevalence and risk factors of anemia in children
"TI Thermal perceptions of the elderly, use patterns and satisfaction with"
TI System dynamics model for optimizing the recycling and collection of
TI Eating for Taste and Eating for Change: Ethical Consumption as a
TI Shear wave elastography in the diagnosis of breast non-mass lesions:
TI Long-term fitness consequences of breeding density in starling colonies:
TI Urban Open Space Is Associated with Better Renal Function of Adult
TI A carbon footprint-based closed-loop supply chain model under
TI An Empirical Study on the Design of China High-Speed Rail Express Train
"TI Are we really ""eating well with Canada's food guide""?"
TI A static semi-kitting strategy system of JIT material distribution
TI An Improved Grey Wolf Optimizer Algorithm for Energy-Aware Service
TI Sustainable consumption and production in the food supply chain: A
TI Coffee Consumption and the Risk of Obesity in Korean Women
TI Healthcare waste management during disasters and its effects on climate
"AB Despite growing effects of human activities on climate change throughout the world, and global South in particular, scientists are yet to understand how poor healthcare waste management practices in an emergency influences the climate change. This article presents new findings on climate change risks of healthcare waste disposal during and after the 2010 earthquake and cholera disasters in Haiti. The researchers analysed quantities of healthcare waste incinerated by the United Nations Mission in Haiti for 60 months (2009 to 2013). The aim was to determine the relationship between healthcare waste incinerated weights and the time of occurrence of the two disasters, and associated climate change effects, if any. Pearson product-moment correlation coefficient indicated a weak correlation between the quantities of healthcare waste disposed of and the time of occurrence of the actual emergencies (r (58) = 0.406, p = 0.001). Correspondingly, linear regression analysis indicated a relatively linear data trend (R-2 = 0.16, F (1, 58) = 11.42, P = 0.001) with fluctuating scenarios that depicted a sharp rise in 2012, and time series model showed monthly and yearly variations within 60 months. Given that the peak healthcare waste incineration occurred 2 years after the 2010 disasters, points at the need to minimise wastage on pharmaceuticals by improving logistics management. The Government of Haiti had no data on healthcare waste disposal and practised smoky open burning, thus a need for capacity building on green healthcare waste management technologies for effective climate change mitigation."
TI The relationship between vacant properties and neighborhood
"TI Small cities, big needs: Urban transport planning in cities of"
TI Multi-objective heterogeneous vehicle routing and scheduling problem
TI Use of mining FREIGHT Cableway in urban mobility as a part of an
TI Punishing or subsidizing? Regulation analysis of sustainable fashion
TI GHG-emission models for assessing the eco-friendliness of road and rail
TI Relationship between coffee consumption and stroke risk in Korean
TI Performance evaluation and a flow allocation decision model for a
TI Compensatory leisure travel? The role of urban structure and lifestyle
TI Examining the effect of external pressures and organizational culture on
TI Preliminary Realization of an Electric-Powered Hydraulic Pump System for
TI Nanoecotoxicity assessment of graphene oxide and its relationship with
TI High-alumina refractory castables bonded with novel alumina-silica-based
TI A new aortoiliac calcification scoring system to predict grade C
TI A model for the selection of transportation modes in the context of
TI Computer-Aided Nodule Assessment and Risk Yield (CANARY) may facilitate
TI Assessing the environmental impact of integrated inventory and warehouse
TI A New Combinatorial Algorithm for Separable Convex Resource Allocation
TI SmartISM: Implementation and Assessment of Interpretive Structural
"TI VALUE OF CRP/ALB, STREM-1 AND S-CHE IN JUDGING THE POOR PROGNOSIS AND"
TI The analysis of pro-environmental behaviour based on ecological
TI A novel mathematical model for municipal waste collection and energy
TI Accessibility and inclusive use of public spaces within the city-centre
TI Coffee and tea consumption and risk of leukaemia in an adult population:
TI Reconstruction of a complete global time series of daily vegetation
TI Antecedent febrile illness and occurrence of stroke in West Africa: The
TI Associations between serum concentration of flavonoids and breast cancer
TI Sand topdressing and protective covers impact creeping bentgrass crown
TI A decomposition approach based on meta-heuristics and exact methods for
TI Cross-functional integration in the sustainable new product development
TI Do Stairs Inhibit Seniors Who Live on Upper Floors From Going Out?
"TI Risk factors associated with asthma among adults in Khuzestan, southwest"
TI Transamniotic stem cell therapy (TRASCET) in a rabbit model of spina
TI The utilization of fluorescent cholangiography during robotic
TI Composting: The way for a sustainable agriculture
TI One-year Surgical Outcomes of Complete or Incomplete Enucleation of
TI Clinical Decision Support Model to Predict Occlusal Force in Bruxism
TI Elucidation of Dietary Risk Factors in Osteoarthritis Knee-A
TI Factors associated with polyp regression after intravitreal ranibizumab
TI Combined effect of three common lifestyle factors on cognitive
TI Recent trends in seroprevalence of rubella in Korean women of
TI Fundamentals of the state policy of the Russian Federation to create a
"TI Influences of heatwave, rainfall, and tree cover on cholera in"
TI Dietary Behaviors Among Young and Older Adults in Brazil
TI Prediction of Posthepatectomy Liver Failure Proposed by the
TI Buyer and supplier perspectives on environmental initiatives Potential
TI Bibliometric Analysis of Trends in Biomass for Bioenergy Research
TI Micronutrient intakes and status assessed by probability approach among
TI Kinetic Changes in Liver Parenchyma After Preoperative Chemotherapy for
TI A multi-product maximin hazmat routing-location problem with multiple
"TI Heatwaves, hospitalizations for Alzheimer's disease, and postdischarge"
TI System dynamics modeling for sustainable supply chain management: A
"AB Globalized economic systems involve complex supply chains (SCs) where environmental and social impacts are to be managed in alignment with diverse stakeholder expectations and to mitigate sustainability-related risks. Quantitative modeling approaches for sustainable supply chain management (SSCM) have gained increasing attention. Compared to analytical models and mathematical programming, simulation methods in SSCM are underrepresented, although system dynamics (SD) modeling is suitable to simulate and examine complex and dynamic systems and to support long-term, strategic decision-making. This paper provides a review of SSCM-related SD models, systematizes SSCM from a systems thinking perspective in a conceptual framework, and proposes guidelines for SD modeling in SSCM research. A content analysis of related literature examines SD models for forward, reverse, and closed-loop SCs that include environmental or social aspects of sustainability. It is found that a majority of models deals with macroscopic levels of analysis while models for intra- and inter-organizational SCs are less prominent. SSCM-related SD models integrate environmental and social sustainability metrics, governmental pressures and incentives or customer expectations, but uncertainties and risks are seldom modeled. Inferences for future SD modeling in SSCM are derived from this review to address strengths and shortcomings of extant SD modeling approaches for SSCM. SSCM-related constructs, model validation and the need of hybrid models, which integrate different simulation, optimization, or multi criteria decision-making models, are addressed. A framework for a systems thinking perspective on SSCM is conceptualized that may serve as a basis for future research. (C) 2018 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved."
TI Differentiating malignant and benign lymph nodes using endobronchial
TI Mental Health Outcomes in Barcelona: The Interplay between
TI The role of food-energy-water nexus analyses in urban growth models for
TI Determinants of children's active travel to school: A case study in Hong
TI A Novel and Efficient Multiple RGB Images Cipher Based on Chaotic System
TI Chocolate consumption and risk of gestational diabetes mellitus: the
TI Peer-to-peer financing choice of SME entrepreneurs in the re-emergence
TI 20 years of performance measurement in sustainable supply chain
TI Collection disruption management and channel coordination in a socially
"TI Anemia Among School Children in Ernakulam District, Kerala, India"
TI Identifying and modeling meteorological risk factors associated with
TI Identification of Non-Economic Influencing Factors Affecting Farmer's
"TI Limestone biopitting in coastal settings: A spatial, morphometric, SEM"
TI Seasonal variation and principle of cyanobacterial biomass and forms in
TI Conversion of Waste Biomass into Gaseous Fuel: Present Status and
TI Social policy or energy policy? Time to reconsider energy poverty
TI The Association with Dietary Patterns an Risk of Anemia in Japanese
TI Assessing Habitat Use by Snapper (Chrysophrys auratus) from Baited
TI Neighborhood greenness associated with chronic obstructive pulmonary
TI Examining Adherence to Medication in Patients With Atrial Fibrillation
TI Association of Home Food Availability with Prediabetes and Diabetes
"TI A Study of Diet and Lifestyle and the Risk of Urolithiasis in 1,519"
TI Analysis of Pedestrian Conflict with Right-Turning Vehicles at
TI Eco-Innovation Influencers: Unveiling the Role of Lean Management
TI The bullwhip effect in closed-loop supply chains: A systematic
TI DURIAN RECOGNITION BASED ON MULTIPLE FEATURES AND LINEAR DISCRIMINANT
TI Quantification of FITC-labelled probiotic Lactobacillus salivarius DSPV
TI Infection Rates by Dengue Virus in Mosquitoes and the Influence of
TI Consumption of nitrate-containing vegetables is inversely associated
TI Toxigenic Microcystis aeruginosa (Cyanobacteria) affects the population
TI Assessment of Spatio-Temporal Patterns of Black Spruce Bud Phenology
"TI Jiangsu Four Cancers Study: a large case-control study of lung, liver,"
"TI Vegetable dishes, dairy products and fruits are key items mediating"
TI Scenario-based design of a steel sustainable closed-loop supply chain
TI Ancient DNA from marine sediments: Precautions and considerations for
TI Design and Implementation of an Autonomous Charging Station for
"TI A highly integrated, expansible, and comprehensive analytical framework"
"TI Kinetics and modeling of growth and lactic acid production in Gundruk, a"
TI Research on Consumers' Preferences for the Self-Service Mode of Express
TI Prioritising sustainable supply chain management practices by their
TI Embedded Performance Validity Measures with Postdeployment Veterans:
TI Digital twin application in the construction industry: A literature
TI Batch mesophilic anaerobic co-digestion of spent goat batch mesophilic
TI Comparison of subfoveal choroidal structures in typical neovascular
TI Modelling the effects of temperature and wetness on the polycyclic phase
TI Adherence of rheumatoid arthritis patients to biologic disease-modifying
TI Determining the relative importance of climatic drivers on spring
TI Implications of land use transitions and climate change on local
TI Russian railways on the Eurasian market: issue of sustainability
TI Resident and user support for urban natural areas restoration practices
"TI Blinded by the light? Analyzing sustainability authenticity, customer"
"TI Economic analysis of fuel collection, storage, and transportation in"
TI Passive smoking and cooking oil fumes (COF) may modify the association
TI Distributed Approaches to Supply Chain Simulation: A Review
TI Revealing the reality behind consumers' participation in WEEE treatment
TI An investigation into circular economy practices in the traditional
TI Application of logistic statistical modelling in the evaluation of
TI Options for managing Antestiopsis thunbergii (Hemiptera: Pentatomidae)
TI Longitudinal adherence to a dietary pattern and risk of depressive
TI Assessment of urban heat islands for land use based on urban planning: a
TI Pixel-Based Machine Learning and Image Reconstitution for Dot-ELISA
TI How to promote industrial park recycling transformation in China: An
TI Sustainable and conventional intensification: how gendered livelihoods
TI HOW TO MANAGE SUSTAINABLE SUPPLY CHAIN? THE ISSUE OF MATURITY
"TI Drivers, Barriers and Benefits of Product Carbon Footprinting: A"
TI A moderated -mediation analysis of psychological empowerment:
TI Microhabitat nest-site selection by ducks in the boreal forest
TI A citation network analysis of sustainability development in liner
"TI Exploring the nature, antecedents and consequences of symbolic corporate"
TI Serum albumin levels and depression in people living with Human
TI Individual and contextual characteristics of indoor and outdoor falls in
TI A GPS-Based Methodology to Analyze Environment-Health Associations at
TI Community Level Predictors of Physical Activity Among Women in the
TI Modular Construction: Determining Decision-Making Factors and Future
TI Design of material transportation systems for sustainability
TI Knowledge of diabetes and its determinants: a cross-sectional study
TI Surgical results of internal limiting membrane flap inversion and
TI Waste flow mapping to improve sustainability of waste management: a case
TI Serum albumin level is associated with the severity of neurological
TI Complementary and alternative medicine use for weight management among
TI Impact of Lean and Sustainability Oriented Innovation on Sustainability
TI A multicriteria Master Planning DSS for a sustainable humanitarian
TI What Prompts Agricultural Innovation in Rural Nepal: A Study Using the
TI Selected aspects and analysis of the risk of acquiring electricity from
"TI The ""Buruli Score"": Development of a Multivariable Prediction Model for"
TI Intake of Vegetables and Fruits and the Risk of Cataract Incidence in a
TI Associations of ambient temperature exposure during pregnancy with the
TI Greenness around schools associated with lower risk of hypertension
TI Can phenotypic data complement our understanding of antimycobacterial
TI A hybrid ensemble and AHP approach for resilient supplier selection
TI ParkIndex: Development of a standardized metric of park access for
TI The electric vehicle routing problem with backuals
TI Crossed cerebellar diaschisis as an indicator of severe cerebral
TI Bicycle-metro integration in a growing city: The determinants of cycling
TI Retinal pigment epithelial atrophy after anti-vascular endothelial
TI Consensus and optimal speed advisory model for mixed traffic at an
TI Clinical Outcomes Associated with Thermal Pulsation System Treatment
TI A nomogram incorporated lifestyle indicators for predicting nonalcoholic
TI The impact of renewable on-site energy production on property values
TI A new potential risk factor for central serous chorioretinopathy: blood
TI New robust optimization models for closed-loop supply chain of durable
TI Identification and classification of materials using machine vision and
TI Children's neighbourhood physical environment and early development: an
TI Sustainability through remanufacturing of e-waste: Examination of
TI Trypanosoma cruzi Infection in Rhodnius pallescens (Heteroptera:
TI Simulation of a dynamical ecotourism system with low carbon activity: A
TI Carbon footprint and responsiveness trade-offs in supply chain network
TI Mustard Cover Crops for Biomass Production and Weed Suppression in the
TI Barriers to product returns and recovery management in a developing
TI Influence of breakfast and meal frequency in calcium intake among
TI Viability analysis of underground mining machinery using green hydrogen
TI Second-life retailing: a reverse supply chain perspective
TI CLEANER PRODUCTION ALTERNATIVES FOR A COSMETICS INDUSTRY IN SOUTHERN
TI The Time-dependent Electric Vehicle Routing Problem: Model and solution
TI Dietary habits in Japanese patients with psoriasis and psoriatic
TI An approach to the asthma-protective farm effect by geocoding: Good
TI Vehicle routing to minimize time-dependent emissions in urban areas
TI Using a discrete event simulation as an effective method applied in the
TI Evaluating value creating factors in greening the transportation of
TI Towards green port-hinterland transportation: Coordinating railway and
TI Sustainable plastic clothing and brand luxury: a discussion of
TI Observational Study on Knowledge and Eating Habits with Respect to Low-
TI Aflibercept therapy for polypoidal choroidal vasculopathy: short-term
TI The evaluation of a remote support program on quality of life and
TI The analysis of pro-environmental behaviour based on ecological
TI Does greenery experienced indoors and outdoors provide an escape and
TI Determining Timing of Births and Habitat Selection to Identify Lambing
TI Phenology of short vegetation cycles in a Kenyan rangeland from
"AB The short revisit times afforded by recently-deployed optical satellite sensors that acquire 3-30 m resolution imagery provide new opportunities to study seasonal vegetation dynamics. Previous studies demonstrated a successful retrieval of phenology with Sentinel-2 for relatively stable annual growing seasons. In semi-arid East Africa however, vegetation responds rapidly to a concentration of rainfall over short periods and consequently is subject to strong interannual variability. Obtaining a sufficient density of cloud-free acquisitions to accurately describe these short vegetation cycles is therefore challenging. The objective of this study is to evaluate if data from two satellite constellations, i.e., PlanetScope (3 m resolution) and Sentinel-2 (10 m resolution), each independently allow for accurate mapping of vegetation phenology under these challenging conditions. The study area is a rangeland with bimodal seasonality located at the 128-km(2) Kapiti Farm in Machakos County, Kenya. Using all the available PlanetScope and Sentinel-2 imagery between March 2017 and February 2019, we derived temporal NDVI profiles and fitted double hyperbolic tangent models (equivalent to commonly-used logistic functions), separately for the two rainy seasons locally referred to as the short and long rains. We estimated start and end-of-season for the series using a 50% threshold between minimum and maximum levels of the modelled time series (SOS50/EOS50). We compared our estimates against those obtained from vegetation index series from two alternative sources, i.e. a) greenness chromatic coordinate (GCC) series obtained from digital repeat photography, and b) MODIS NDVI. We found that both PlanetScope and Sentinel-2 series resulted in acceptable retrievals of phenology (RMSD of similar to 8 days for SOS50 and similar to 15 days for EOS50 when compared against GCC series) suggesting that the sensors individually provide sufficient temporal detail. However, when applying the model to the entire study area, fewer spatial artefacts occurred in the PlanetScope results. This could be explained by the higher observation frequency of PlanetScope, which becomes critical during periods of persistent cloud cover. We further illustrated that PlanetScope series could differentiate the phenology of individual trees from grassland surroundings, whereby tree green-up was found to be both earlier and later than for grass, depending on location. The spatially-detailed phenology retrievals, as achieved in this study, are expected to help in better understanding climate and degradation impacts on rangeland vegetation, particularly for heterogeneous rangeland systems with large interannual variability in phenology and productivity."
TI Respiratory symptoms and illnesses related to the concentration of
TI A Conceptual Framework for Developing Recommendations for No-Harvest
"TI Older Consumers' Readiness to Accept Alternative, More Sustainable"
TI Energy consumption estimation integrated into the Electric Vehicle
TI Exploring the relationships of strategic entrepreneurship and social
TI Development of a Preoperative Nomogram Incorporating Biomarkers of
TI The Deviation of the Behaviors of Rice Farmers from Their Stated
TI Predicting Asthma Attacks: Effects of Indoor PM Concentrations on Peak
TI Coming Out of the Niche? Social Banking in Germany: An Empirical
TI Preharvest aminoethoxyvinylglycine (AVG) and 1-methylcyclopropene
TI Weight loss from 20 years of age is associated with cognitive impairment
TI The association between nutrition and behavioural health in a US Army
TI Envenomation by Trimeresurus stejnegeri stejnegeri: clinical
TI A Robust Fuzzy Optimization Model for Closed-Loop Supply Chain Networks
TI Stroke Among Young West Africans Evidence From the SIREN (Stroke
TI Hot infusions and risk of colorectal cancer in Uruguay: a case-control
TI Association between Dietary Intakes of Nitrate and Nitrite and the Risk
TI Identification and analysis of enablers of SCM by using MCDM approach
TI miR-221/222 cluster expression improves clinical stratification of
TI A DEMATEL approach for evaluating barriers for sustainable end-of-life
TI Choroidal Findings in Eyes With Birdshot Chorioretinitis Using
TI No association between fruits or vegetables and non-alcoholic fatty
TI Combining roller crimpers and flaming for the termination of cover crops
TI Multi-Scenario Simulation for the Consequence of Urban Expansion on
TI Mapping and Monitoring Lakes Intra-Annual Variability in Semi-Arid
TI The Nordic SentiMag trial: a comparison of super paramagnetic iron oxide
TI Behavioural risk factors distribution of cardiovascular diseases and its
TI Comprehensive Predictors of Portal Pressure from Functional Liver
TI Optimizing energy for a 'green' vaccine supply chain
TI Antimicrobial Treatment and Prophylaxis of Plague: Recommendations for
TI Validation of self-reported adherence in chronic patients visiting
TI Nitrogen supply and sink demand modulate the patterns of leaf senescence
TI Real-time supervised detection of pink areas in dermoscopic images of
"TI Leptin, Adiponectin, and Heart Rate Variability Among Police Officers"
AB ObjectivesThe Extended Mechanistic Growth Function (EMGF) method (Clementi et al. [1999]: Am J Med Genet 87:317-323) is a possible alternative to the Cole and Green LMS method ([1992] Stat Med 11:1305-1319) to construct cross-sectional anthropometric charts. It differs from the technique used by Kuczmarski et al. ([2002]: Vital Health Stat 11:1-190) to trace the CDC growth charts in that all centiles are simultaneously fitted with a single function. The aim of this study is to show how an EMGF model can be designed.
TI Sustainable manufacturing practices and performance of the Nigerian
TI A Circulating miRNA-Based Scoring System Established by WGCNA to Predict
TI The Relationship Between Housing Instability and Poor Diet Quality Among
TI Estimating mortality rates of European ash (Fraxinus excelsior) under
"TI Heterogeneous Catalysis with Renewed Attention: Principles, Theories,"
TI Soybean Disease Monitoring with Leaf Reflectance
TI Association of health literacy and medication adherence with
TI Determinants of multidimensional energy poverty in Pakistan: a household
TI Measuring delivery route cost trade-offs between electric-assist cargo
TI Effects of Perceived Neighbourhood Environments on Self-Rated Health
TI Evaluating critical barriers and pathways to implementation of e-waste
TI Children's organic fruit nectar satisfaction: an experimental economics
TI A simple visible and near-infrared (V-NIR) camera system for monitoring
TI Predictive power of splenic thickness for post-hepatectomy liver failure
"TI Overexpression of SNTG2, TRAF3IP2, and ITGA6 transcripts is associated"
TI Diet Quality Is Associated with Physical Performance and Special Forces
TI Real-Time Quantitative Measurements of Foot Perfusion in Patients With
TI Isolation impairs cognition in a social fish
TI Forward and reverse supply chain network design for consumer medical
"TI Drivers, opportunities and best practice for sustainability in"
"TI Road proximity, air pollution, noise, green space and neurologic disease"
"TI Catchment characteristics, water quality, and cyanobacterial blooms in"
TI Impact of patient satisfaction with his or her inhaler on adherence and
TI Nipple Discharge: Imaging Variability Among US Radiologists
TI Integrating the environmental and social sustainability pillars into the
TI Sustainable supply chain management for minerals
TI A Prospective Study of Marine Phytoplankton and Reported Illness Among
TI A cross-sectional study using the Childhood Measurement Programme for
TI Land use and land cover scenarios: An interdisciplinary approach
TI Prospective study on the association between dietary non-enzymatic
TI Tea consumption and risk of diabetes in the Chinese population: a
TI The thematic landscape of literature in sustainable supply chain
TI The incidence of and risk factors for ischemic complications after
TI The impact of protective psychosocial factors on khat chewing among male
TI Self-reported adherence among people with epilepsy in Brazil
TI A green lateral collaborative problem under different transportation
TI Nipple-Sparing Mastectomy Incisions for Cancer Extirpation Prospective
TI Adherence to antihypertensive medication after referral to secondary
TI Traffic Conflict Analysis of Motor Vehicles and Nonmotor Vehicles Based
TI Relationship between dietary non-enzymatic antioxidant capacity and type
TI Association of sociodemographic and environmental factors with the
"TI Anaemia among schoolchildren from southern Kerala, India: A"
TI Large-scale monitoring of waders on their boreal and arctic breeding
TI Effect of Audio In-vehicle Red Light-Running Warning Message on Driving
TI Nutritional-Related Predictors of Preterm Birth in North Shewa
TI Anti-FXa-lla activity test in Asian and its potential role for drug
TI Adherence to treatment and related factors among patients with chronic
TI Association of complementary and integrative therapy use and symptoms
TI Cruciferous vegetables and colorectal cancer risk: a hospital-based
TI A global basis of urban tree inventories: What comes first the inventory
TI Learning from the past to shape the future: A comprehensive text mining
TI Modeling the e-waste mitigation strategies using grey-theory and DEMATEL
TI Enhanced recycling network for spent e-bicycle batteries: A case study
TI Prevalence and Determinants of Peripheral Neuropathy Among Adult Type II
TI Eco-friendly 3D-Routing: A GIS based 3D-Routing-Model to estimate and
TI A Comprehensive Method for Predicting Fatal Liver Failure of Patients
TI Relationship Between Serologic Markers of Periodontal Bacteria and
TI ParkIndex: Validation and application of a pragmatic measure of park
TI Estimation of electronic waste using optimized multivariate grey models
TI Sleep insufficiency and the natural environment: Results from the US
TI Fluorescent cholangiography significantly improves patient outcomes for
TI Prenatal Depression and Diet Quality During Pregnancy
"TI Depression Prediction by Using Ecological Momentary Assessment,"
"TI High ambient levels of grass, weed and other pollen are associated with"
"TI Institutional pressures, resources commitment, and returns management"
TI Evaluation of pedestrian crossing speed change patterns at unprotected
"TI Impacts of high temperature on adverse birth outcomes in Seoul, Korea:"
TI Genetic factors associated with treatment response to reduced-fluence
TI Key factors for truly sustainable supply chain management An
TI Prevalence and Factors Associated with Meconium-Stained Amniotic Fluid
TI Recycling bread waste into chemical building blocks using a circular
TI Prevalence and Social and Built Environmental Determinants of Maternal
TI Colic in a working horse population in Egypt: Prevalence and risk
TI Effects of midazolam and nitrous oxide on the minimum anesthetic
TI Dietary polyphenols are inversely associated with metabolic syndrome in
TI Magnitude and associated factors of peripheral cytopenia among
"   Isolated or multi lineage cytopenia are the most common clinicopathological features and independently associated with increased risk of disease progression and death among human immunodeficiency virus infected children. In the study area, there is scarcity of data about the magnitude of various cytopenia."
TI Hysteroscopic Photodynamic Diagnosis Using 5-Aminolevulinic Acid: A
TI Spatial and temporal disease dynamics of the parasite Hematodinium sp.
TI Associations between types of greenery along neighborhood roads and
TI Estimating fractional cover of tundra vegetation at multiple scales
TI Colorado Seed Potato Certification Data Analysis Shows Mosaic and
TI Quantitative characterization of five cover crop species
TI Long-Term Tea Consumption Is Associated with Reduced Risk of Diabetic
TI Larval habitat characterization of Anopheles darlingi from its
TI Assessing enablers of e-waste management in circular economy using
TI Incipient Domestication Processes in Multicultural Contexts: A Case
"AB Up to now, the processes of domestication of urban landscapes have been little studied. The public green spaces in the city of Bariloche, an enclave with growing urbanization which lies within the Andino Norpatagonica Biosphere Reserve, offer an opportunity to evaluate cultural molding of the environment. We analyzed different management methods of woody species, both in situ and ex situ, in parks located in sectors with different environmental, socioeconomic, size, age and administration characteristics. Our hypotheses were: (1) Species richness will be higher for exotic plants, in accordance with global patterns of ornamental species selection. (2) Species richness and type of management practice will vary according to the kind of environment, the socioeconomic pro fi le of the neighborhood, the age and size of the park, and type of administration (bottom-up or top-down). (3) Bottom-up park administration will lead to a different landscape than top-down administration. Thirty randomly selected parks of both local council and neighborhood administration and varying environmental and socioeconomic conditions were examined and the composition of their woody species identi fi ed. In addition, semi-structured and free interviews were carried out with those responsible for park management, both in situ (tolerance, enhancement, protection) and ex situ (sowing, use of cuttings or transplanting). In accordance with our hypothesis, the processes of domestication of the urban landscape show a tendency toward an anthropized diversity of 130 species,mainly exotic in origin (72%), and principally fromthe Holarctic region (67%). However,multinomial logistic analysis revealed that in parks under neighborhood administration tolerance of native species is higher (13 times) than in parks administrated by the local council. Species richness increases along an environmental and socioeconomic gradient, and with the age of parks, but does not vary with size. We conclude that urban parks are constructed cultural niches which, as in an agroforestry system, are scenarios which reveal processes of incipient domestication that re fl ect different cosmovisions and drivers typical of multicultural contexts."
TI Contamination of Fresh Produce by Microbial Indicators on Farms and in
TI Burn severity mapping from Landsat MESMA fraction images and Land
TI Using partial least squares to identify a dietary pattern associated
TI Ensiling of the pulp fraction after biorefining of grass into pulp and
TI Ambient ozone exposure and depressive symptoms in adolescents: Results
TI Dietary Pattern Associated with Frailty: Results from Nutrition and
TI Clinical characteristics of super stable polypoidal choroidal
TI Investigating the impact of the temporal resolution of MODIS data on
TI Effect of propionamide on the growth of Microcystis flos-aquae colonies
TI Buyer supplier relationship and supply chain sustainability: empirical
TI Engagement in Agriculture Protects Against Food Insecurity and
TI SIMD parallel MCMC sampling with applications for big-data Bayesian
TI Modification effect of urban landscape characteristics on the
TI Association between neighbourhood characteristics and antidepressant use
TI Associations of greenness with diabetes mellitus and glucose-homeostasis
TI Sustainable supply chain management practices in Indian automotive
"TI Predictive mapping of prospectivity for orogenic gold, Giyani greenstone"
TI Urban greenness and physical activity in a national survey of Canadians
TI Depleted iron stores in voluntary blood donors: A three-center
TI Air pollution and occurrence of type 2 diabetes in a large cohort study
TI Structural investigation of ormolytes for EC devices: IR spectroscopic
TI Spatial Variability of Geriatric Depression Risk in a High-Density City:
TI Association of residential greenness with obesity and physical activity
"TI Modelling urban expansion of a south-east Asian city, India: comparison"
TI The association between dietary pattern and coronary artery disease: A
TI Application of data envelopment analysis models in supply chain
TI Are liveable neighbourhoods safer neighbourhoods? Testing the rhetoric
TI Comparison of ET partitioning and crop coefficients between partial
TI Living Environment Matters: Relationships Between Neighborhood
TI A Multi-Criteria Decision Approach to Select Contract Manufacturer for
TI DNA Strands Level Scrambling Based Color Image Encryption Scheme
TI Multiple-Criteria Decision Support for a Sustainable Supply Chain:
"TI Social support, social context and nonadherence to treatment in young"
TI Observational assessment of food safety behaviours at farmers' markets
TI The effect of physical restraint on neurovascular complications in
TI Goiter and its associated factors among primary school children aged
TI Inbreeding and neighbouring vegetation drive drought-induced die-off
TI Ambitious corporate climate action: Impacts of science-based target and
TI Can routine blood tests be modelled to detect advanced liver disease in
TI Evaluation of Vegetation Index-Based Curve Fitting Models for Accurate
TI Dietary patterns and knowledge perception of breast cancer risk patients
TI Effects of Lean Thinking and Emerging Technologies on Breast Cancer
TI Consumption of garlic and its interactions with tobacco smoking and
TI A national produce supply chain database for food safety risk analysis
TI Defining the learning curve for successful staging with sentinel lymph
"TI Medication adherence and barriers among low-income, uninsured patients"
TI Serum Factor V Is a Continuous Biomarker of Graft Dysfunction and a
TI Spatial distributions and use patterns of user groups in urban forest
TI The Prevalence of patients with panic attacks (PAs) and panic disorder
TI Cardiovascular diseases in middle aged and older adults in China: the
"TI The impact of social capital, land use, air pollution and noise on"
TI Does living in remote Australia lessen the impact of hardship on
TI Are income-related differences in active travel associated with physical
TI Are urban landscapes associated with reported life satisfaction and
TI Risk Factor Analysis for Mastectomy Skin Flap Necrosis Implications for
TI The Healthy Eating Index and coronal dental caries in US adults National
TI Real-time elastography in autonomously functioning thyroid nodules:
TI SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT MATURITY: AN ALL-ENCOMPASSING LITERATURE REVIEW
TI A bi-objective model for pickup and delivery pollution-routing problem
TI Application of DEMATEL approach to identify the influential indicators
TI GIS-based air quality modelling: spatial prediction of PM10 for Selangor
TI Analysis of Genetic and Environmental Risk Factors and Their
TI Salt tea consumption and esophageal cancer: A possible role of alkaline
TI The correlation between family food handling behaviors and foodborne
"TI Vineyards, but not cities, are associated with lower presence of a"
TI Drivers of realized satellite tracking duration in marine turtles
TI A simple method to improve the quality of NDVI time-series data by
TI Real-Time Monitoring of Crop Phenology in the Midwestern United States
TI Urban transportation: innovations in infrastructure planning and
TI Use of artificial neural networks to rescue agrochemical-based health
TI Phase IV randomized preference study in patients eligible for calcium
TI Inverted Internal Limiting Membrane Flap versus Internal Limiting
TI Barriers to Accessing Quality Health Coverage and their association with
TI Differential Impact of Risk Factors on Stroke Occurrence Among Men
TI Evaluating Efficacy of Landsat-Derived Environmental Covariates for
TI Hierarchical Models for Semicompeting Risks Data With Application to
TI Remote detection of ecosystem degradation in the Everglades ridge-slough
TI Understanding and use of food labeling systems among Whites and Latinos
TI Combined detection of plasma miR-127-3p and HE4 improves the diagnostic
TI Spatially differentiating the effects of long-term air pollution on
TI Regional Variations in Home Canning Practices and the Risk of Foodborne
TI Bioaccumulation of pesticide contaminants in tissue matrices of dogs
TI Co-exposure risks of pesticides residues and bacterial contamination in
"TI Level, causes, and risk factors of stillbirth: a population-based case"
"TI Incidence, outcomes, and risk factors for hemorrhagic complications in"
TI ORGANIZATIONAL AND ECONOMIC RISKS OF ECOLOGIZATION OF AGRICULTURE
TI A Compact and Flexible UHF RFID Tag Antenna for Massive IoT Devices in
TI Higher estimated net endogenous acid production with lower intake of
TI Food Consumption and Characteristics Associated in a Brazilian Older
"TI Marine algal flora of Sao Miguel Island, Azores"
TI Radiomics model based on preoperative gadoxetic acid-enhanced MRI for
TI Interannual variation in the start of vegetation growing season and its
TI Delaying cognitive and physical decline through multidomain
TI Which are the sustainable attributes affecting the real consumption
TI Dietary Diversity and Anthropometric Status of Mother-Child Pairs from
TI Optimizing the location of a biomass plant with a fuzzy-DEcision-MAking
TI Faba bean yield and growth dynamics in response to soil potassium
TI Characterizing spatiotemporal dynamics in phenology of urban ecosystems
TI Study of collaborative PRM business model for sustainability
TI A dengue outbreak in a rural community in Northern Coastal Ecuador: An
TI Dietary Patterns and Determinants of Pregnant and Lactating Women From
TI Tea consumption in pregnancy as a predictor of pesticide exposure and
TI Influence of age on links between major modifiable risk factors and
TI On the performance of remote sensing time series reconstruction methods
TI Coffee intake and the risk of colorectal adenoma: The colorectal adenoma
TI A new nomogram for individualized prediction of the probability of
TI PRINCIPLES OF SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT OF MINING AND TECHNICAL SYSTEMS IN
TI Elevation-dependent response of spring phenology to climate and its
TI Determinants of blood pressure control amongst hypertensive patients in
TI The modified south African triage scale system for mortality prediction
"   Methods: We used data from a cohort hospitalized at the Nap Kenbe Surgical Hospital in Haiti from January 2013 to June 2015. We based our analysis on a multivariate logistic regression of the probability of death. Age cutoff, reason for admission categorized into nine groups according to MSF classifications, and SATS triage category (red, orange, yellow, and green) were used as candidate parameters for the analysis of factors associated with mortality. Stepwise backward elimination was performed for the selection of risk factors with retention of predictors with P < 0.05, and bootstrapping was used for internal validation. The likelihood ratio test was used to compare the combined and restricted models. These models were also applied to data from a cohort of patients from the Kunduz Trauma Center, Afghanistan, to validate mortality prediction in an external trauma patients population."
TI Recognition of Banana Fusarium Wilt Based on UAV Remote Sensing
TI Projection of urban expansion and related changes in soil carbon stocks
TI Municipal solid waste management considering NGO's role in consumer
TI Urban park facility use and intensity of seniors' physical activity - An
TI Tea consumption is associated with a reduced risk of coronary heart
"TI Allergic symptoms in association with naturalness, greenness, and"
TI Diabetic health literacy and its association with glycemic control among
TI E-commerce acceptance in the dimension of sustainability
TI Nonadherence in Hemodialysis Patients and Related Factors: A Multicenter
TI Interannual variations in spring phenology and their response to climate
TI Maternal and neonatal outcome after vaginal breech delivery at term of
TI Association between food intake and obesity in pregnant women living
TI Modifications to residential neighbourhood characteristics and risk of
TI Classification of estrogenic compounds by coupling high content analysis
TI Environmental correlates of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease in 96
TI Free amino acids in African indigenous vegetables: Analysis with
TI Exit wave plan for structured secondary patient distribution Logistic
"TI Associations of greenness, greyness and air pollution exposure with"
TI Public Roads as Places of Interspecies Conflict: A Study of Horse-Human
TI Characterizing Land Use/Land Cover Using Multi-Sensor Time Series from
TI Exploring energy-saving refrigerators through online e-commerce reviews:
TI Associations between historical redlining and birth outcomes from 2006
TI Association of Individual and Neighborhood Factors with Home Food
TI Dominant modifiable risk factors for stroke in Ghana and Nigeria
TI FACTORS OF ENSURING THE COMPETITIVENESS OF UKRAINE'S PIG BREEDING
TI Hospital admission for hyperemesis gravidarum: a nationwide study of
"TI Imiquimod versus podophyllotoxin, with and without human papillomavirus"
"TI Polygenic risk score for obesity and the quality, quantity, and timing"
