Column1
"TI Green perspectives and practices: a ""comparative logistics"" study"
"TI Green logistics strategies: An analysis of usage patterns (vol 40, pg"
TI Green logistics strategies: An analysis of usage patterns
TI A generalized logistic model for photosynthetic growth
"TI GROWTH CURVE FOR CAPTIVE-REARED GREEN SEA-TURTLES, CHELONIA-MYDAS"
TI Habitat use by brood-rearing waterfowl in subarctic Quebec
TI Detecting patterns of occupational illness clustering with alternating
TI Case studies of greening the automotive supply chain through technology
TI Logistic Dirichlet problems with discontinuous coefficients
TI Green-Kubo formula derived from large deviation statistics
TI Modelling wheat (Triticum aestivum) production at state level in
TI Red-listed forest bird species in an urban environment - assessment of
"TI Predicting the concentration and uptake of nitrogen, phosphorus and"
TI Protective effect of green tea on the risks of chronic gastritis and
TI A Bayesian observation error model to predict cyanobacterial biovolume
TI Modelling wildlife distributions: Logistic multiple regression vs
TI GREEN-TEA CONSUMPTION AND RISK OF STOMACH-CANCER - A POPULATION-BASED
TI Diallel analysis of the stay-green trait and its components in sorghum
TI A population-based case-control study of lung cancer and green tea
TI Organochlorine contaminants and reproductive success of double-crested
TI LOGISTIC-REGRESSION AND DISCRIMINANT ANALYSES OF HEPATIC-FAILURE AFTER
TI Revisiting Green Data species lists
TI Application of the logistic function for drying curves of softwood
TI COMPARING TURFGRASS CUMULATIVE EVAPOTRANSPIRATION CURVES
TI Differential sensitivity of green algae to allelopathic substances from
TI Do Black-throated Green Warblers prefer conifers? Meso- and microhabitat
TI THE USE OF SALT-SOLUTIONS TO CONTROL FUNGUS (SAPROLEGNIA) INFESTATIONS
TI Evaluation of stay-green sorghum germplasm lines at ICRISAT
TI Biomass and chlorophyll of photosynthesizing organs of plant communities
TI An alternative method for relating consumer and descriptive data used to
TI ICC angiography and retinal pigment epithelial decompensation (central
TI Tea consumption and ovarian cancer risk: A case-control study in China
"TI Corporate geography - a new reality for economic research, teaching and"
TI DISCRIMINATION OF STRAINS OF CANDIDA-ALBICANS ISOLATED FROM DEEP AND
TI Strength of tree phytogenic fields in lichen-green moss pine forests
TI CRITERIA FOR SAFE HEPATIC RESECTION
TI Dietary factors protective against breast cancer in japanese
TI The role of preoperative phenylalanine breath test in hepatectomy
"TI The influence of cigarette smoking, alcohol, and green tea consumption"
TI THE RATE OF PREDATION BY FISHES ON HATCHLINGS OF THE GREEN TURTLE
TI Sequential evaluation of portal venous hemodynamics by Doppler
TI NUTRITIONAL RISK-FACTORS IN CARCINOMA ESOPHAGUS
TI Distribution of Schreiber's green lizard (Lacerta schreiberi) in
TI Modelling development time of Myzus persicae (Hemiptera : Aphididae) at
TI THE PREDICTION OF PORTAL PRESSURE - A MULTIVARIATE-ANALYSIS OF
TI Can acorn tannin predict scrub-jay caching behavior?
TI SHOOT AND LEAF GROWTH IN FRAXINUS-PENNSYLVANICA AND ITS RELATION TO
TI The growth pattern of the African tortoise Geochelone pardalis and other
TI FORWARD-LOOKING LOGISTICS IN THE NEW GYPSUM WORKS AT BARROW UPON SOAR IN
TI FORWARD-LOOKING LOGISTICS IN THE NEW GYPSUM WORKS AT BARROW UPON SOAR IN
"TI A comparison of risk factors for malignant melanoma, squamous cell"
TI Green accounting and the welfare gap
TI Fire impacts and crowning in the boreal forest: study of a large
TI Resource use by larval and early juvenile native fishes in the Little
TI Flowering dynamics of Orchis morio L. and Herminium monorchis (L.) R.Br.
TI MODELING GENOTYPIC AND ENVIRONMENTAL-CONTROL OF LEAF-AREA DYNAMICS IN
TI Lung cancer risk and red meat consumption among Iowa women
TI Multiple pathways for woody plant establishment on floodplains at local
TI Dietary factors and the risk of lung cancer in New Caledonia (South
TI LEAF-AREA DEVELOPMENT IN BARLEY-MODEL CONSTRUCTION AND RESPONSE TO
TI Indocyanine green angiographic features prognostic of visual outcome in
TI Tea and coffee consumption and the risk of digestive tract cancers: data
"TI Diet and gastric cancer: a case-control study in Fujian Province, China"
TI A cross-sectional study of the prevalence of vent pecking in laying hens
TI DIETARY FACTORS AND GASTRIC-CANCER RISK - A CASE-CONTROL STUDY IN SPAIN
TI Effect of soil phosphorus on leaf development and senescence dynamics of
TI Predicting red heartwood formation in beech trees (Fagus sylvatica L.)
"TI DIETARY CAROTENOIDS, VITAMIN-A, VITAMIN-C, AND VITAMIN-E, AND ADVANCED"
TI The relationship between bite rate and local forage abundance in wild
TI Diet and breast cancer surveillance behaviors among Harlem women
TI A model of phycotoxin release by cyanobacterial cells
TI Use of existing and reconnected backwater habitats by hatchery-reared
TI On the option interpretation of rational harvesting planning
TI Adolescent hemodialysis: results of the 2000 ESRD clinical performance
"TI Growth, radiation use efficiency and yield potential of enset (Ensete"
TI Prognostic value of extravascular lung water in critically ill patients
TI Dietary folate and the risk of nonfatal myocardial infarction
TI Food sources of phytoestrogens and breast cancer risk in Mexican women
TI Risk factors for basal cell carcinoma in the UK: case-control study in
TI POPULATION-SIZE AND GROWTH IN THE TURTLE GRAPTEMYS OCULIFERA
TI Using atlas data to model the distribution of woodpecker species in the
TI Diet and vitamin or mineral supplements and risk of renal cell carcinoma
TI Apoptosis of Ehrlich mouse ascites cells induced by long-term exposure
TI Use of complementary/alternative medicine by breast cancer survivors in
TI Helicobacter pylori infection and atrophic gastritis - A case-control
TI PREDICTION OF HOSPITAL MORTALITY AFTER SURGICAL-TREATMENT FOR ESOPHAGEAL
TI Nerve function impairment in leprosy: An epidemiological and clinical
TI Country boy to scientist
TI Dietary factors and lung cancer risk in Japanese: with special reference
TI Foods and nutrients in relation to bladder cancer risk: A case-control
TI GROWTH-RATE AND AGE AT MATURITY IN SYNTOPIC POPULATIONS OF
TI A model of plant virus disease epidemics in asynchronously-planted
TI Cancer-related changes in prostate DNA as men age and early
TI No-mortality liver resection for hepatocellular carcinoma in cirrhotic
TI Visual loss in sarcoid-related uveitis
TI The impact and implications of environmentally linked strategies on
TI GROWTH DYNAMICS OF WINTER-WHEAT IN THE FIELD WITH DAILY FERTILIZATION
TI Model selection for a subterranean trophic cascade: Root-feeding
TI Outcome results in macular hole surgery - An evaluation of internal
TI Hepatic resection and prognosis for patients with hepatocellular
TI Satellite derived maps of pasture growth status: Association of
"TI Intrinsic, management, and nutritional factors associated with equine"
TI Dietary and nutritional patterns in an elderly rural population in
TI Oral and oropharyngeal cancer in Spain: influence of dietary patterns
TI The relation between purulent manifestations and antibiotic treatment of
"TI Intake of fruits, vegetables and selected micronutrients in relation to"
TI Fruit and vegetable intake and incidence of bladder cancer in a male
TI FOOD-GROUP CONSUMPTION AND COLON CANCER IN THE ADELAIDE CASE-CONTROL
TI Effects of habitat and landscape characteristics on avian breeding
TI Factors correlated with portal venous invasion by hepatocellular
TI Simulating business and operations management - a learning environment
"TI A CASE-CONTROL STUDY OF DIET AND LUNG-CANCER IN KERALA, SOUTH-INDIA"
TI Amphibian distributions in a landscape of forests and agriculture: An
TI Colorectal cancer and folate status: A nested case-control study among
TI Risk of hepatic failure after transcatheter arterial chemoembolization
TI Adverse effects of acid rain on the distribution of the Wood Thrush
TI Risk factors for hyperamylasemia after hepatectomy using the Pringle
TI Are lifestyle factors good predictors of retinol and vitamin C
"TI Plant foods, antioxidants, and prostate cancer risk: Findings from"
TI LATE OUTCOME AFTER CORONARY-ARTERY BYPASS GRAFT-SURGERY IN PATIENTS
TI An automated feeding system for intensive hatcheries
TI Genotype difference of aldehyde dehydrogenase 2 gene in alcohol drinkers
TI Improving the energy efficiency of freight in the United States through
"TI LABORATORY STUDIES ON GROWTH, FEEDING, MOLTING AND MORTALITY IN THE"
TI Risk factors for nightblindness among women of childbearing age in
TI Tea consumption: Fluid intake and bladder cancer risk in southern Taiwan
TI A comparison of the diagnostic utility of two image receptors for
TI Intake of flavonoids and lung cancer
TI Urinary tea polyphenols in relation to gastric and esophageal cancers: a
TI Lifestyle habits and gastric cancer in a hospital-based case-control
TI MODELING GENOTYPIC AND ENVIRONMENTAL-CONTROL OF LEAF-AREA DYNAMICS IN
TI Predictors of successful hepatic resection: Prognostic usefulness of
TI Dietary fiber and colorectal cancer risk
TI Tea consumption and risk of cancer of the colon and rectum
"TI Trends in maize, rice, and wheat yields for 188 nations over the past 40"
TI Genetic polymorphisms of alcohol and aldehyde dehydrogenases and
"TI DIET AND BREAST-CANCER IN SHANGHAI AND TIANJIN, CHINA"
TI CLOSTRIDIUM DIFICILE COLITIS - AN EFFICIENT CLINICAL APPROACH TO
TI Predicting effective fungicide doses through observation of leaf
"TI Risk of ovarian carcinoma and consumption of vitamins A, C, and E and"
TI The 1999 John Arthur Wilson Memorial Lecture: Efficient ecological
Column1
"AB The present paper adds to the relatively limited empirical literature involving green logistics by comparing US and non-US firms with respect to select propositions regarding environmental issues, practices, and strategies. For a majority of propositions evaluated, the study results indicate that US and non-US firms tend to share similar perspectives and practices regarding the management of environmental logistics, The study results also tend to confirm literature suggestions that green concerns will broaden the scope of logistics as well as influence the way logistics managers do their jobs."
"AB Environmental issues affect numerous logistical decisions throughout the value chain. This research identifies strategies that are most and least popular for managing and responding to such issues, and provides evidence of relationships between select company characteristics and the particular types of strategies employed in managing logistics-related environmental impacts. Data sources included companies in the United States, Canada, and the European Union. Study results suggest that the green logistics strategies of recycling materials, reducing consumption, and reusing materials are universally popular among western industrialized nations. Firms that exhibit more intense commitment to environmentalism than their peers augment use of these universal strategies with various specialized thrusts, such as environmental audits."
"AB This paper presents a model for the photosynthetic growth of C-3 green plants, consisting of a 1-periodic scalar first order nonautonomous ordinary differential equation, of the generalized logistic type. The model is tested both mathematically and experimentally. For a very large biologically significant range of the parameter values, the equation has a repelling trivial solution and a unique positive one-year-periodic solution, which is globally attractive from all positive initial data. Biomass production predicted by the model matches field data. (C) 1997 Elsevier Science B.V."
"AB Growth of the captive- reared green sea turtle. Chelonia mydas, fits a logistic by weight growth equation reaching an asymptotic weight at approximately 12.5 years with an average weight of 156 kg. The relationship of weight to carapace length and width is inter-dependent with age and size of the turtle. Mean age at sexual maturity for the captive green turtle is estimated at 16 years, and it is projected that 96% of a captive population would begin nesting at 25 years of age. Although growth of mature green turtles reaches an asymptote at 12.5 years, captive, mature green turtles continue to increase in weight at a rate of 3 kg/yr."
"AB Aerial surveys of waterfowl were conducted in subarctic Quebec in 1989 and 1990 on randomly selected 100 km(2) plots. We used logistic regression for modelling relationships between the presence of waterfowl broods and habitat characteristics. For each species, models of habitat use were generated with one data set and tested with two others. We also compared the frequency distributions of broods of each species in different habitat types. Correct-classification rates of models varied between 0.53 and 0.77. Sensitivity of models generally increased when applied to validation data sets. Models showed that green-winged teals (Anas crecca) avoided lakes > 501 ha and used vegetated lakes, ponds and fens or bogs more than predicted by their availability. Black scoters (Melanitta nigra) and surf scoters (M. perspicillata) were found mostly on small lakes (< 10 ha) and medium lakes (10-100 ha). Black scoters were associated with the presence of ponds and lakes with sedge and grass, whereas surf scoters were not. The presence of scaup (Aythia spp.) broods was associated with the presence of vegetation. Green-winged teals were observed more often on bogs than were either scoters or scaups. Black scoters were observed more often on ponds and less often on medium-sized lakes than surf scoters and scaups. The latter differed in their use of lakes < 10 ha: surf scoters, like black scoters; mostly used unvegetated lakes, while scaups and green-winged teals mostly used vegetated lakes. The accuracy and precision of logistic models may be enhanced by additional habitat variables, careful selection of sample-cell size and further investigation of the breeding biology of the surveyed species."
"AB In longitudinal surveillance studies of occupational illnesses, sickness episodes are recorded for workers over time. Since observations on the same worker are typically more similar than observations from different workers, statistical analysis must take into account the intraworker association due to workers' repeated measures. Additionally, when workers are employed in groups or clusters, observations from workers in the same workplace are typically more similar than observations from workers in different workplaces. For such cluster-correlated longitudinal data, alternating logistic regressions may be used to model the pattern of occupational illness clustering. Data on 182 Latino farmworkers from a 1999 North Carolina study on green tobacco sickness provided an estimated pairwise odds ratio for within-worker clustering of 3.15 (95% confidence interval (CI): 1.84, 5.41) and an estimated pairwise odds ratio for within-camp clustering of 1.90 (95% CI: 1.22, 2.97). After adjustment for risk factors, the estimated pairwise odds ratios were 2.13 (95% CI: 1.18, 3.86) and 1.41 (95% CI: 0.89, 2.24), respectively. In this paper, a comparative analysis of alternating logistic regressions with generalized estimating equations and random-effects logistic regression is presented, and the relative strengths of the three methods are discussed."
"AB Taking greening to the supply chain level (beyond partial, yet often used, reversed logistics) can be based on technological and operational initiatives in the sphere of design for recycling, disassembly, extended life cycles and future innovations and the related operations. The supply chain dimension is lacking in the most recent state-of-the-art contribution from Reinhardt on greening from a business point of view. In addressing that gap this paper aims to place greening technological and operations initiatives in a supply chain context. In two case studies of automotive companies greening attempts and approaches are assessed in terms of both supply chain practices and relations. It is found that the operations and technological practices in the supply chain are not yet fully developed to realize the strategic approach of greening. Suggestions for further management and research efforts are developed and the impact of greening technology and operations on supply chain relations and challenges are discussed."
"AB This paper is devoted to the study of the existence of positive solutions of semilinear Dirichlet eigenvalue problems for diffusive logistic equations with discontinuous coefficients which model population dynamics in environments with spatial heterogeneity. The approach here is distinguished by the extensive use of the ideas and techniques characteristic of the recent developments in the theory of singular integral operators. Moreover, we make use of an L-P variant of an estimate for the Green operator of the Dirichlet problem introduced in the study of Feller semigroups. (C) 2003 Editions scientifiques et medicales Elsevier SAS. All rights reserved."
"AB Numerical calculations for many physical systems including chaos and turbulence have been greatly developed in recent years. We often investigate the characteristics of the time series for chaotic systems and study the essential laws underlying its time series. We show the important characteristics which are sometimes not pointed out. One of them is the Green-Kubo formula, which holds for the time series that satisfies the large deviation statistics. Extended version for the relation is shown in this paper and a simple example is given. The relationship between the Green-Kubo formula and the large deviation statistics is emphasized. (C) 2002 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB Non-linear mechanistic growth models, viz monomolecular, logistic, Gompertz, mixed-influence and Richards, were used for describing state-wise production data of wheat (Triticum aestivum L. emend. Fiori & Paol.) during 1966-67 to 1992-93. The parameters of these models were estimated using Levenberg-Marquardt procedure for non-linear estimation. The 6 major wheat-growing states considered are Punjab, Haryana, Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan and Bihar. For each of these states, logistic model described quite well the wheat-production data in the post green-revolution era. A comparative performance of various states for wheat production showed that Haryana's performance is the best, as reflected by its high intrinsic growth rate and as it is still in the fast phase of growth, which is likely to continue in near future also in view of the current trend."
"AB The aim of this work was to investigate if the forest remnants of the city and the system of green space corridors could support target species for conservation, in the form of red-listed forest bird species, to show through the presence of the target species what habitat qualities are still possible near cities, and to reveal those features and properties of the landscape structure that were important in this sense. The findings could be used for developing guidelines for design of urban green space corridors. A spatial analysis was performed, covering the landscape in the study area and 67 sample sites with natural vegetation, within and outside of the green space corridors. Breeding forest birds were recorded and breeding of target species in the sample sites as functions of landscape descriptors was tested using logistic regression. Seven red-listed forest bird species were found breeding in the sample sites. Considering them as indicators of habitat qualities, the results would imply that the qualities of the urban and suburban forests were due to a vast range of deciduous forest, especially broad-leaved, and possibly also to a lower intensity of forestry than in rural areas, resulting in a sufficient number of mature and decaying trees. The logistic regression models showed that important properties of remnants of natural vegetation were large areas of forest on rich soils, together with connectivity in the form of amounts of this habitat in the landscape. These properties were associated with the green space corridors. Implications for the design of urban green space corridors would be to treat mature and decaying trees and patches of moist deciduous forest as a resource for vulnerable species, and to conserve large areas of natural vegetation together with a network of important habitats in the whole landscape, in this case forest on rich soils, also in built-up areas. (C) 2000 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB As part of a program to develop a weather-driven model to predict yield and quality of green beans that also describes the accumulation and distribution of nutrients by these plants, we required information on the evolution of the N, P and K content and concentration within the crop. A field experiment with three widely grown green bean cultivars (Phaseolus vulgaris L. cv. Carlo, Cleo and Mutin) was made with eight sowing dates over 2 years. Water and nutrients were supplied to ensure that they would not limit plant growth. Weather data was collected hourly. Dry matter accumulation and the concentrations of N, P and K in the shoots were determined each week. The concentration of N was related to thermal time by a logistic equation, while P concentration was linearly related to thermal time in the early stages of development but became constant later on. A model that combined the effects of developmental stage and temperature, or saturation vapour pressure deficit, explained the concentration of K. Upper and lower boundary lines were adjusted to total uptake of nutrients, representing the maximum or minimum amount of each nutrient present in the above-ground tissues in relation to thermal time. The harvest index of nutrients depended on the partition of dry matter between pods and shoots, according to a logistic function, and the concentration of nutrients in the pods and shoots. (C) 2002 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB Despite the declining trend, stomach cancer remains the second most common cancer worldwide. We examined the role of green tea consumption on chronic gastritis and stomach cancer risks. A population-based case-control study was conducted in Yangzhong, China, with 133 stomach cancer cases, 166 chronic gastritis cases, and 433 healthy controls. Epidemiologic data were collected by standard questionnaire and odds ratios (OR) and 95% confidence intervals (CI) were estimated using logistic regression models in SAS. Inverse association was observed between green tea drinking and chronic gastritis and stomach cancer risks. After adjusting for age, gender, education, body mass index, pack-years of smoking and alcohol drinking, ORs of green tea drinking were 0.52 (95% CI: 0.29-0.94) and 0.49 (95% CI: 0.3 1-0.77) for stomach cancer and chronic gastritis, respectively. in addition. dose-response relationships were observed with years of green tea drinking in both diseases. The results provide further support on the protective effect of green tea against stomach cancer. This is the first time that green tea drinking was found to be protective against chronic gastritis, which may be of importance when designing intervention strategies for stomach cancer and its pre-malignant lesions in the high-risk population, (C) 2001 Wiley-Liss, Inc."
"AB We developed a logistic model for predicting summer blue-green biovolume from mean (log metric) spring total phosphorus concentration in Lake Mendota, Wisconsin. The model incorporates uncertainty in the sample estimates of the ''true'' mean total phosphorus values. We used Bayes Theorem to assess model parameters and predictive uncertainty from 19 years of data. When compared with a ''naive'' model that does not accommodate phosphorus uncertainty, the observation error model has a higher parameter variance, but lower prediction uncertainty. Lower prediction uncertainty occurs because some of the noise in the data is resolved as phosphorus uncertainty, thus reducing the variance of the model disturbance term. The observation error model results in less stringent phosphorus targets to meet acceptable blue-green levels than does the naive model because of this lower prediction uncertainty."
"AB We compare the results, benefits and disadvantages of two techniques for modelling wildlife species distribution: Logistic Regression and Overlap Analysis. While Logistic Regression uses mathematic equations to correlate variables with presence/absence of the species, Overlap Analysis simply combine variables with the presence points, eliminating the non-explanatory variables and recombining the others. Both techniques were performed in a Geographic Information System and we attempted to minimise the spatial autocorrelation of data. The species used was the Schreiber's green lizard Lacerta schreiberi and the study area was Portugal, using 10 x 10 km UTM squares. Both techniques identified the same group of variables as the most important for explaining the distribution of the species. Both techniques gave high average correct classification rates for the squares with presence of the species (79% for Logistic Regression and 92% for Overlap Analysis). Correct absence classification was higher with Logistic Regression (73%) than with Overlap Analysis (32%). Overlap Analysis tends to maximise the potential area of occurrence of the species, which induces a reduced correct classification of absences, since many absences will fall in the potential area. This is because a single presence in a given class of a variable makes all the area of that class to be considered as potential. The technique does not consider that the species may occasionally occupy an unfavourable region. Although, in Logistic Regression, modelling procedures are more complex and time-consuming, the results are more statistically robust. Moreover, Logistic Regression has the capability of associating probability of occurrence to the potential area. Overlap Analysis is very simple in building procedures and swift in obtaining reliable potential areas. It is a valid technique especially in exploratory analysis of species distributions or in the initial stages of research when data may be scarce."
"AB The effect of drinking Chinese green tea on the risk of stomach cancer was evaluated in a population-based case-control study conducted in Shanghai, China, from October 1991 to December 1993, Eligible cases were incident cases of primary stomach cancer diagnosed during the study period among residents of Hongkou district and Nanhui county aged under 80 years. Controls were selected from the same street or commune where the case resided and were matched to the cases on age (within three years) and gender. A total of 711 cases and 711 matched controls, more than 90 percent of the eligible subjects, completed the interview, Information was obtained on the types of tea used, age when habitual tea drinking started, frequency of new batches of tea leaves used per day, number of cups brewed from each batch, total duration of drinking for each batch, strength and temperature of the tea consumed, Statistical analysis was based on modelling through conditional logistic regression, After adjusting for age, gender, place of residence, education, birthplace, alcohol consumption, and cigarette smoking, the odds ratio (OR) comparing drinkers of green tea with nondrinkers was 0.71 (95 percent confidence interval = 0.54-0.93), The adjusted OR decreased with increasing number of new batches of the green tea consumed each day (P value trend = 0.006). With the largest series of stomach cancer cases to date, this study found green-tea consumption associated with lower risk of stomach cancer. Among drinkers of green tea, the risk of stomach cancer did not depend on the age when habitual green-tea drinking started, Green tea may disrupt gastric carcinogenesis at both the intermediate and the late stages."
"AB Stay-green in sorghum [Sorghum bicolor (L.) Moench] is an important component of post-flowering drought tolerance. This research was conducted to describe (i) stay-green as post-flowering green leaf area duration (GLAD) and its components [green leaf area (GLA) at flowering, timing for onset of senescence, and senescence rate] and (ii) the expression of heterosis for stay-green in terms of heterosis for its components. The study was conducted during the 1992 to 1993 and 1993 to 1994 post-rainy season at ICRISAT headquarters near Hyderabad, India. It involved a nine-parent complete diallel, in two experiments differing in soil-water availability after flowering. Weekly estimations of % GLA were made on 36 leaves per plot. Relative (% days) and absolute (m(2) days) GLAD and their components were derived from a fitted logistic function. The variances in both relative and absolute GLAD were each fully (R(2) > 0.96) accounted for by their components. In spite of significant genotype x environment interactions for the component traits, the expression of heterosis for non-senescence as related to the stay-green trait was stable across experiments. The inheritance of the onset of senescence was additive, but a slow senescence rate was dominant over a fast rate. Consequently, a large relative GLAD (slow senescence) was partially dominant over a small relative GLAD. Because of the dominance of a large leaf area at flowering, the partial dominance in relative GLAD translated into overdominance for a large absolute GLAD. These results offer an opportunity for improving drought tolerance of sorghum in environments with post-flowering drought stress."
"AB Epidemiologic evidence regarding the association between the consumption of green tea and lung cancer is limited and inconclusive, although experimental studies have shown consistently that tea preparations and tea polyphenols may inhibit the induction of a variety of cancers, including lung cancer. In this population-based case-control study, we examined the association between past consumption of green tea and the risk of lung cancer. We identified 649 incident cases of primary lung cancer among women diagnosed from February 1992 through January 1994 using the population-based Shanghai Cancer Registry. We randomly selected a control group of 675 women from the Shanghai Residential Registry, frequency-matched to the expected age distribution of the cases. Green tea consumption was ascertained through face-to-face interviews. We estimated adjusted odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (95% CIs) using unconditional logistic regression. Among nonsmoking women, consumption of green tea was associated with a reduced risk of lung cancer (OR = 0.65; 95% CI = 0.45-0.93), and the risks decreased with increasing consumption. We found little association, however, among women who smoked (OR = 0.94; 95% CI = 0.40-2.22). The inconsistency in the association between drinking tea and the risk of lung cancer reported in previous studies may in part be due to inadequate control of confounding of active smoking."
"AB In 1994 and 1995, nesting success of double-crested cormorants (Phalacrocorax auritus) was measured at Cat Island, in southern Green Bay, Lake Michigan, Wisconsin, USA. Sample eggs at pipping and unhatched eggs were collected and analyzed for organochlorines (including total polychlorinated biphenyls [PCBs] and DDE), hepatic microsomal ethoxyresorufin-O-dealkylase (EROD) activity in embryos, and eggshell thickness. Of 1,570 eggs laid, 32% did not hatch and 0.4% had deformed embryos. Of 632 chicks monitored from hatching to 12 d of age, 9% were missing or found dead; no deformities were observed. The PCB concentrations in sample eggs from clutches with deformed embryos (mean = 10.2 mu g/g wet weight) and dead embryos (11.4 mu g/g) were not significantly higher than concentrations in sample eggs from nests where all eggs hatched (12.1 mu g/g). A logistic regression of hatching success versus DDE, dieldrin, and PCB concentrations in sibling eggs identified DDE and nor dieldrin or PCBs as a significant risk factor. A logistic regression of hatching success versus DDE and eggshell thickness implicated DDE and nor eggshell thickness as a significant risk factor. Even though the insecticide DDT was banned in the early 1970s, we suggest that DDE concentrations in double-crested cormorant eggs in Green Bay are still having an effect on reproduction in this species."
"AB Stepwise logistic and discriminant analyses were used to define the risk factors for hepatic failure after liver resection for carcinoma of the biliary tract and to predict this complication. The logistic analysis identified the linear pattern of oral glucose tolerance test, cholangitis, pancreatoduodenectomy, and indocyanine green disappearance rate as the factors most related to hepatic failure among 18 pre- and perioperative parameters of the past 84 hepatectomized cases (55 hilar bile duct carcinomas and 29 gallbladder carcinomas). Our discriminant formula using five variables, including the above-mentioned four plus the liver resection rate, could distinguish the patients with posthepatectomy liver failure (n = 25) from those without (n = 59) with 86.9% accuracy, 96.0% sensitivity, and 83.1% specificity. The cross-validation test has confirmed that this model was robust for discriminant analysis. The results of this study show that statistical multifactorial analysis makes possible the preoperative prediction of hepatic failure after liver resection for carcinoma of the biliary tract."
"AB The management and active enforcement of the increasing number of conservation-related instruments (e.g. the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora (CITES), The World Conservation Union (IUCN) Red Data Lists and pending invasive species regulations), and the number of listed plant and animal taxa that they are likely to incorporate, are already straining national regulatory, enforcement and border control agencies. Against the backdrop of increasing capacity constraints (financial and logistic) and uncertainty faced by these authorities, we support calls for a radical shift in the traditional approach to the management of threatened species (either Red Data List or CITES listed) and the maintenance of the integrity of biological systems (viz. the control of potentially invasive species). This entails the establishment of National Green Data Species Lists (proposed by Imboden (1989) in World Birdwatch 9:2). The Green List would be a reciprocal list of species that are not threatened (not Red Data listed), not affected by trade (not CITES listed) or pose little threat of invasion according to importing authorities. This reciprocal list does not require negotiation of new international treaties and will simply piggy-back on existing treaties. In addition, it will shift the 'burden of proof', including the financial investment required for species Green Data listing, the verification of origins, taxonomic and conservation status determination, from regulating authorities to traders."
"AB Green columns of Japanese cedar (Cryptomeria japonica D. Don) were kiln-dried under constant drying conditions. The drying curves contained a linear part like a constant rate of the drying stage. Therefore, the illustration of the relationship between drying rate, v, and drying time, t, was a sigmoid curve. A logistic function, Eq. (3), was conducted to approximate the v-t relationship because a logistic function also has a sigmoid curve. Equation (3) is founded on the assumption that the change of drying rate, dv/dt, is proportional to v and it showed resistance which is proportional to v(2) and was well-fitted to the v-t relational data. Eq.(4), which expresses the drying curve, was obtained by integrating Eq. (3) with respect to t, and it expressed the drying curves of the columns very well."
"AB Twenty-rive commercially available turfgrass cultivars were evaluated for cumulative evapotranspiration (ET(cum)) attributes under progressive water stress for 0 to 21 and 0 to 24 days using the gravimetric mass balance method in two greenhouse studies. At the end of the water-stress treatment, the cultivars were scored visually for their green appearance on a 0 (no green) to 10 (100% green) scale. The Gompertz nonlinear model gave a best fit to ET(cum) vs. days adjusted for pan evaporation variation in the greenhouse compared with monomolecular and logistic nonlinear regression models. Two ET(cum) attributes-maximum evapotranspiration rates (ET(max)) and inflection time (t(i)) (the time when the change in ET becomes zero)-were estimated for each cultivar using the Gompertz model. Based on final ET(cum), ET(max), t(i), and greenness score, 'Bristol', 'Challenger', and 'Wabash' Kentucky bluegrass (Poa pratensis L.); 'Shademaster' creeping fescue (Festuca rubra L.);'FRT-30149' fine fescue (F. rubra L.); and 'Aurora' hard fescue (F. ovina var. duriuscula L. Koch.) were identified as low water-use cultivars."
"AB Three short-term laboratory experiments were conducted to investigate allelopathic effects of a mixture of Chara globularis var. globularis Thuillier and Chara contraria var. contraria A. Braun ex Kutzing on three different green algae. Single phytoplankton species were exposed to filtered water originating from charophyte cultures. Phytoplankton growth was monitored by determination of chlorophyll concentrations in batch cultures. The change in chlorophyll concentration during the experiments was analysed with a logistic growth model, resulting in an estimate of the exponential growth rate and the duration of the lag phase of the single green algae. The results indicate allelopathic effects of Chara on the growth of the green algae Selenastrum capricornutum Printz and Chlorella minutissima Fott et Novakova, whereas Scenedesmus obliquus (Turpin) Kutzing did not seem to be affected. The exponential growth rate of S. capricornutum decreased 7% in the presence of water from a charophyte culture, while the growth rate of C. minutissima decreased with 3%. The allelopathic effect of Chara did not increase when the green alga C. minutissima was P-limited. The effect of Chara was different when young sprouts were used. With young sprouts the duration of the lag phase of C. minutissima was extended (25%), whilst for old plants the growth rate of this green alga decreased. Although the inhibiting effect of charophytes on specific phytoplankton species is rather small, the differential sensitivity of the species to Chara might influence the composition and biomass of phytoplankton communities in the field."
"AB Throughout most of its range, the Black-throated Green Warbler (Dendroica virens) is generally associated with coniferous forests, but it also breeds in mixedwood and deciduous stands. To measure the relative use of deciduous and coniferous trees in pristine boreal mixedwood stands of northern Alberta, we examined the influence of conifer distribution on territory placement at the mesohabitat scale (25-ha study plots) and substrate use for singing and foraging st the microhabitat scale (within individual territories), Black-throated Green Warblers clustered their territories where conifers reached their highest density, and tended to avoid areas where conifers were rare or absent. Pit the microhabitat scale, logistic regression models indicate that tree species and diameter at breast height were significant predictors of tree use; Black-throated Green Warblers mainly used large white spruce (Picea glauca) trees as songposts and foraging substrates, For foraging, trembling aspen (Populus tremuloides) and balsam poplar (P. balsamifera), the two most abundant tree species in our plots, were less frequently used than white spruce, whereas paper birch (Betula papyrifera) was used according to its availability. These results indicate that Black-throated Green Warblers were relatively stereotyped in their substrate use, in spite of the availability of both deciduous and coniferous trees, However, the treefall gaps and dense deciduous shrub layer typical of old boreal mixedwood stands might be important at the fledgling stage, Thus, the conversion of mixedwood forests into pure deciduous stands and conifer plantations could have negative impacts on this and other ecologically-similar species in the borcal forest."
"AB The use of salt solutions in place of malachite green to control fungal infestations during salmonid egg incubation was studied from 1987 to 1989 in a series of experiments conducted at Robertson Creek Hatchery in Port Alberni, British Columbia. Several combinations of salt concentration (sea salt, NaCl, CaCl2), treatment length, and treatment frequency were used on pre-eyed eggs of chinook salmon (Oncorhynchus tshawytscha). The efficacy of salt solutions was assessed against that of malachite green by comparing the incidences of egg mortality and alevin abnormality. A solution containing a 26:1 mixture of sodium chloride and calcium chloride, applied at a concentration of 20 ppt for 60 min three times a week yielded mean egg mortalities of 6.2% (1988) and 9.7% (1989). These results compared favorably with a malachite green treatment of 1 ppm for 60 min applied three times a week that yielded mean egg mortalities of 5.2% (1988) and 8.8% (1989). Mortalities in salt treatments of 25 ppt or of 120 min duration were attributed to toxic overdose. Mortalities in salt treatments of 10 ppt resulted from fungus infestation. Data suggested that malachite green treatments produced a higher incidence of alevin abnormalities than salt treatments. Future investigations into the use of salt solutions for fungus control should consider the efficacy, logistics, and costs associated with treatment of large groups of eggs."
"AB Delaying leaf senescence is an effective strategy for increasing cereal production, particularly under water-limited conditions. A set of 72 nonsenescent (stay green) genotypes of sorghum [Sorghum bicolor (L.) Moench] was evaluated for pattern of postflowering leaf senescence in replicated field experiments during the 1998-1999 and 1999-2000 post-rainy seasons at the International Crops Research Institute for Semi-Arid Tropics to identify superior sources of stay green. Individual leaves of three plants per plot were scored visually for leaf senescence at weekly intervals from flowering until harvest maturity. Leaf senescence patterns were determined by fitting logistic or linear functions to weekly percent green leaf area (% GLA), from which % GLA at 15, 30, and 45 d after flowering were estimated. On the basis of estimated % GLA at 15, 30, and 45 d after flowering in the two years, genotypes clustered into five groups. The clusters retained 74% of the total variation in % GLA, despite differences in the pattern of development of stress and subsequent leaf senescence pattern between the two years. Cluster I genotypes, which combined nonsenescence with drought escape, through early flowering, were superior to Cluster 2 genotypes, which were nonsenescent but late flowering, in the more severely stressed year when drought escape was important, but not in the milder stress year when escape was less of a factor. The experiment identified several (e.g., IS 22380, QL 27, QL 10, E36 X R16 8/1) tropically adapted lines with stay-green expression equivalent to those of the best temperate lines B 35 and KS 19."
"AB Green biomass and chlorophyll (Chl) content were determined in Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris L.) plantations of different ages in the north part of Poland. The development of the photosynthesizing apparatus of phytocenoses in secondary succession in a dry pine forest habitat was assessed basing on an analysis of the standing green biomass and of the chlorophyll index (CI). The index was used to estimate the amount of energy absorbed by the individual stages of succession in the gross photosynthesis process. Man's energy subsidy was evaluated. The relationship between the amount of green biomass, CI and gross photosynthetic rate (P-G) on the one hand and the age of the plantation on the other was described by means of logistic equations. Asymptotic stability was obtained for the biomass on a level of 0.554 kg(d.m.) m(-2), for CI on a level of 1.18 g(Chl a + b) m(-2), for P-G on a level of 47.56 MJ m(-2) y(-1). Inverse correlation was found between those parameters and the energy subsidy."
"AB An alternative method for measuring response and analyzing data in consumer research was explored in this study which attempted to identify critical flavor properties of mango. Twelve mango samples were evaluated according to 13 flavor descriptors by a trained panel using 150-mm unstructured lines. Consumers (n=120), intercepted in supermarkets, each tasted 3 samples and responded 'yes' or 'no' to an intent-to-purchase question. Consumer response, coded by respectively assigning 0 or 1 to each negative or positive answer, was expressed as a probability of purchase and related to descriptive attributes using logistic regression. Critical descriptors were peachy, grassy, and green banana (alpha = 0.10). The function generated had an index of discrimination of 0.70. Although limitations in flavor variations and possible segmentation among the consumers studied restricted the usefulness of the acceptability function, using a probability of purchase as an index of acceptability and logistic regression to relate consumer response with product attributes was demonstrated."
AB Purpose: To evaluate the prognosis of chronic central serous chorioretinopathy (CSC) and to assess whether certain clinical and angiographic features are associated with increased risk of vision loss.
"AB To investigate whether tea consumption has an etiological association with ovarian cancer, a case-control study was conducted in China during 1999-2000. The cases were 254 patients with histologically confirmed epithelial ovarian cancer. The 652 controls comprised 340 hospital visitors, 261 non-neoplasm hospital outpatients, and 51 women recruited from the community. Information on the frequency, type, and duration of tea consumption was collected by personal interview using a validated questionnaire. The risk of ovarian cancer for tea consumption was assessed using adjusted odds ratios based on multivariate logistic regression analysis, accounting for confounding demographic, lifestyle, and familial factors including hormonal status and family ovarian cancer. The ovarian cancer risk declined with increasing frequency and duration of overall tea consumption. The adjusted odds ratio was 0.39 for those drinking tea daily and 0.23 for those drinking tea for >30 years, compared with nontea drinkers. The dose response relationships were significant, and the inverse association with ovarian cancer was observed for green tea consumption. We concluded that increasing frequency and duration of tea drinking, especially green tea, can reduce the risk of ovarian cancer. However, the protective effects of black tea and Oolong tea need to be additionally investigated."
"AB Corporate geography is dealing with the study of the relationships between business organisations and their environment. In Finland and in the other Nordic countries corporate geography is a new field of academic study. The paper deals with how the changing business environment poses challenges to business research and how the spatial (geographical) aspects both in physical and cultural terms should be incorporated. New regional couplings, the greening of business, internationalisation, logistics and cultural issues as well as the virtual space and local specificities concerning competition and networks are core fields of inquiry where the geography of the firms plays a crucial role."
"AB Resistotyping was used to characterise 106 strains of Candida albicans classified as to whether they came from deep or superficial infections. The data were analysed by logistic regression analysis. There was a statistically significant difference between the two groups of strains. After removal of variables by the log-likelihood method four resistotyping agents were found to predict source of strain: boric acid, benzalkonium chloride, malachite green and mercurochrome. Whilst there were phenotypic differences between strains isolated from deep and superficial sites it is not clear whether this strain represents different strain types or strain histories."
"AB Theoretically possible forms of the dependence of phytogenic field strength on the distance between the measurement point and the effecting tree were examined. Four possible dependence types were described: a hyperbolic curve, a logistic curve, a curve with a maximum at some distance from the trunk, and graduated changes. Parameters describing the strength of tree fields in lichen-green moss pine forests of Karelia and the St. Petersburg district were obtained on the basis of the hypothesis of the additivity of phytogenic field interference. Phytogenic fields of pine trees can be described by two strengths-shadow and trunk ones. Both of these strengths correspond to a hyperbolic dependence curve and increase upon an increase in the dimensions of the effecting tree. For interfering tree phytogenic fields, strengths are summed. The abundance of species of the herbaceous-dwarf shrub and moss-lichen layers depends Linearly on strength logarithms. Numerical values of the parameters of these dependences were obtained, making it possible to predict the status of the ground vegetation based on the dimension and location of surrounding pine trees."
"AB BACKGROUND: To lower morbidity after hepatic resection, the authors examined the influence of predictor variables including: age, sex, preoperative risk factors, serum total bilirubin level, plasma retention rate of indocyanine green at 15 minutes, underlying liver disease, operative Mood loss, operation time, amount of whole blood transfused, vascular occlusion time, surgical procedure employed, and extent of hepatic resection,"
"AB Since components of the Japanese diet that might be responsible for the relatively low breast cancer incidence rates observed in Japan have not been clarified in detail, a case-referent study with reference to menopausal status was conducted using data from the hospital-based epiderniologic research program at Aichi Cancer Center (HERPACC). In total, 2,385 breast cancer cases were included, and 19,013 women, confirmed as free of cancer, were recruited as the reference group. Odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (95% Cls) were determined by multiple logistic regression analysis. There were reductions in risk associated with high intake of milk and green-yellow vegetables (green leafy vegetables, carrots and pumpkins) among both pre- and postmenopausal women. The protective effects of the Japanese diet were more prominent among postmenopausal than premenopausal women. The adjusted OR of fish consumption (S or more times per week vs. fewer than 3 times per month) was 0.75 (95% Cl 0.57-0.98, P-trend = 0.01) for postmenopausal breast cancer. A significant decrease in postmenopausal breast cancer risk was also observed for increasing intake of fruit (OR = 0.61, 95% Cl 0.41-0.91). Thus, traditional Japanese dietary factors may protect against breast cancer development, especially among postmenopausal women. (C) 2003 Wiley-Liss, Inc."
"AB Background/Aims: The phenylalanine breath test may serve as a liver function test, although its clinical usefulness has never been clarified. This study aimed to evaluate the role of preoperative phenylalanine-breath test in patients undergoing hepatectomy."
"AB BACKGROUND. The divergent incidence patterns of gastric cardia and distal stomach cancer may suggest different etiologies. This study examined the role of cigarette smoking, alcohol drinking, and green tea consumption as risk factors for carcinoma by anatomic subsite of stomach."
"AB This study addresses the need for empirical data on the survival of sea turtle hatchlings after entry into the sea by (1) developing a method for measuring marine predation; (2) estimating predation rates while crossing the reef; and (3) investigating the effect of environmental variables on predation rates. Predation rates were quantified by following individual hatchlings, tethered by a 10 m monofilament nylon line, as they swam from the water's edge towards the reef crest. Predation rates under particular combinations of environmental variables (tide, time of day, and moon phase) were measured in separate trials. Predation rates varied among trials from 0 to 85% with a mean of 31% (SE = 2.5%). The simplest logistic regression model that explained variation in predation contained tide and moon phase as predictor variables. The results suggest that nocturnal emergence from the nest is a behavioral adaptation to minimize exposure to the heat of the day rather than a predator-escape mechanism. For the green turtle populations breeding in eastern Australia, most first year mortality is caused by predation while crossing the reef within the first hour of entering the sea."
"AB Objectives: Portal hypertension may develop in patients with severe acute hepatitis. Sequential changes of portal venous hemodynamics in acute hepatitis is not well understood. This study evaluated portal hemodynamic changes and prognostic values in patients with severe, acute hepatitis. Methods: Doppler studies, liver function tests, and virology studies were done in the inclusion, the 3rd month, and the 6th month for patients with severe, acute hepatitis. An indocyanine green clearance was done in the inclusion. Doppler portal hemodynamic studies were done in the hilar area by an average of two measurements. Results: A total of 88 consecutive patients was included. Nine of them died. On initial study, fatalities were generally older patients with more delayed indocyanine green clearance, lower portal vein velocity, lower albumin values, higher bilirubin values, longer prothrombin time, and ascites. Using stepwise logistic regression, portal blood flow and prothrombin time were the two independence prognostic factors. By multiple linear regression, portal blood flow was associated with ascites, and average portal blood velocity was associated with bilirubin. During the hospital days, transient, depressed portal blood velocities followed by a hyperdynamic stage were found in survivors. The portal vein velocity changes for fatalities either were kept at a lower level or had a declining pattern. Conclusions: Doppler ultrasound detects portal hemodynamic changes for patients with severe, acute hepatitis. Sequential portal hemodynamic studies will be helpful for evaluating patients with severe, acute hepatitis."
"AB A case control study was conducted on 75 patients with esophageal cancer and 75 normal healthy attendents of patients as controls to identify risk factors for esophageal cancer. Increased risk was associated with low intake of fruits and vegetables, ingestion of food and tea at high temperature, and consumption of spicy food. Tobacco and alcohol consumption also had increased risk for esophageal cancer. Results of step wise multiple logistic regression revealed that low consumption of green leafy vegetable, other vegetables, and consumption of alcohol were the 3 factors which are associated with increased risk for esophageal cancer. The present study revealed differences in the consumption pattern between cancer patients and controls suggesting that nutritional factors do play an important role in carcinoma esophagus."
"AB The geographic distribution of the endemic Iberian lizard Lacerta schreiberi in Portugal was determined through extensive field surveys. Subsequently, a logistic regression model which predicts the probability of occurrence, based on environmental variables, was developed. We found that L. schreiberi is more widely distributed than previously thought, through most of central/northern Portugal, including the coastal zone and extending into low altitude zones. New isolated populations were also detected and the area occupied by three previously known southern isolates was enlarged. The model indicates that the distribution of L. schreiberi is largely explained by environmental parameters such as insolation, evapotranspiration, rain, humidity and soil-drainage. Values of probability of occurrence greater than 0.50, as determined by our model, correspond with the actual presence of the species."
"AB The development period from birth to adult of alate and apterous virginoparae of the green peach aphid, Myzus persicae (Sulzer), reared on Brassica campestris ssp. chinensis, was measured at 13 constant and five natural temperature regimes. The day-degree model, the logistic equation, and the Wang model were used to describe the relationships between temperature and development rate at constant conditions. The constant temperature-development curves derived from the three models were used with a Weibull function describing the distribution of development times, to simulate the development of individuals of cohorts reared at natural temperature regimes. Comparison of the observed with simulated distributions of adult emergence indicates that all three models can simulate the development of M. persicae very well when the temperature does not go below 4 degrees C, the notional low temperature threshold of the day-degree model. When accumulation of temperatures below 4 degrees C becomes substantial, only the logistic curve with a low temperature threshold of 0 degrees C can offer accurate simulations; the other two models give falsely longer durations of development. Methods for accurately simulating the development of M, persicae in the field are suggested. The significance of modelling insect development at low temperatures by nonlinear models is discussed."
"AB Portal pressures were estimated non-invasively in 100 patients who underwent hepatic resection and completely fulfilled the 21 variables evaluated.  Ten variables were selected from among all those in the univariate analysis, and a stepwise discriminant analysis revealed four independent significant variables, namely:  The indocyanine green dye retention test at 15 min (ICGR15); the prothrombin time index; the platelet count; and the globulin fraction.  An equation to estimate the portal pressure was made using the coefficients in the analysis, the reliability of which was confirmed (r = 0.70484, P = 0.0001).  The univariate analysis revealed ten significant variables to discriminate portal hypertension, defined as a portal pressure of over 200 mmH2O.  A multiple logistic regression analysis of these variables revealed two independent variables, being ICGR15 and the platelet count.  Thus, we consider that our equation for estimating portal pressure is potentially useful, and that the platelet count and ICGR15 are the most significant parameters in discriminating between the presence or absence of portal hypertension.  Moreover, a platelet count of less than 120 X 10(3)/mm3 and an ICGR15 value of more than 15% correlated well with portal hypertension."
"AB We tested the hypothesis that animals caching acorns for future food use may preferentially cache acorns high in tannin content. We used a population of Florida scrub-jays (Aphelocoma coerulescens) that cache acorns From four oak species. Tannin activity in acorns was measured by protein precipitating ability (PPA). Logistic regression models accurately predicted frequency of acorn caching among the oak species, using frequency of usable acorns and PPA loss during burial as predictor variables. Among the four oak species, frequency of caching increased with both increasing frequency of undamaged acorns at peak harvest time, and increasing loss of PPA during burial. Other regression models accurately predicted frequency of undamaged acorns for each species, using green acorn PPA and buried acorn PPA as predictor variables. Among the four oak species, frequency of usable acorns tended to increase with increasing green acorn PPA, and decreased with buried acorn PPA. We suggest that a deterrent effect of tannins on insect larvae is responsible for the differences in frequency of acorns usable to jays among oak species, and that jays select acorns for burial by assessing insect damage. Species differences in PPA change during burial probably reinforce this pattern of scrub-jay caching behavior."
"AB Elongation of shoots in various crown locations, and of individual internodes and leaves of the leading shoot, were recorded at 2-day intervals throughout the 1991 growing season in four clones of Fraxinus pennsylvanica var. subintegerrima (Vahl) Fern. (green ash). Other trees were disbudded and pruned to a single leader. Using a logistic growth function, nonlinear regression equations were generated and parameter estimates were used to determine maximum growth rates. Terminal leading shoots had a longer growth duration and a greater maximum growth rate than lateral shoots. The pruning treatment resulted in larger shoots, which grew 2-3 weeks longer and had a higher maximum growth rate. Leaf emergence occurred at regular intervals but the rate of emergence varied among clones. Leaf maximum growth rates were not significantly different among clones. Leaf size declined acropetally whereas internode length increased and then decreased. The longest leaves and internodes had the highest maximum growth rates. The size and maximum growth rates of putative preformed leaves were larger than putative neoformed leaves. As a shoot expanded, growth of one internode tended to cease during the linear phase of growth of its associated leaf and that of the succeeding internode."
"AB Growth rings were measured in dead African leopard tortoises, Geochelone pardalis, collected in the seasonal tropics of Zimbabwe over an 11-year period. A series of Ford-Walford plots using growth measured from annuli showed that growth fitted a logistic by mass curve best, logistic by length and Gompertz curves less well, and a Bertalanffy curve least well. The Bertalanffy curve, often fitted to growth of chelonians, is characterised by particularly high growth rates of juveniles compared with larger individuals. It is suggested that this growth pattern is likely to be found in species showing a marked decrease in diet quality with size. This hypothesis is supported by a review of growth patterns in chelonians: Bertalanffy curves are associated with an omnivorous (and thus potentially variable) diet and other growth patterns with an obligate carnivorous or herbivorous diet. Geochelone pardalis in Zimbabwe showed significant sexual size dimorphism, the mean asymptotic mass of females being 1.7 times that of males, unlike populations with larger body sizes to the north and south. Annual survival estimated from age-frequency distributions was significantly higher in males (0.80) than in females (0.72), the difference being sufficient to account for the male-biased sex ratio of live animals."
"AB The integrated concept for all operational sequences, the process control system, and the data management are conspicuous features of British Gypsum's new production works. There has been a total investment of 50 million pounds in the green-field site at Barrow upon Soar, and the plant has now been running for half a year to the full satisfaction of all the internal and external designers and of the company management (which is basing its judgement on the numerical results). A large share of this worldwide recognition is due to a new approach which extends beyond the boundaries specific to the industry and utilizes new developments from other spheres. The equipment used includes, among other things, well-tried systems for packaging, and material flow and storage; the most noteworthy innovation in this new gypsum works may well be the automatic high-stacking store for palletized gypsum bags."
"AB The integrated concept for all operational sequences, the process control system. and the data management are conspicuous features of British Gypsum's new production works. There has been a total investment of 50 million pounds in the green-field site at Barrow upon Soar, and the plant has now been running for half a year to the full satisfaction of all the internal and external designers and of the company management (which is basing its judgement on the numerical results). A large share of this worldwide recognition is due to a new approach which extends beyond the boundaries specific to the industry and utilizes new developments from other spheres. The equipment used includes, among other things, well-tried systems for packaging, and material flow and storage; the most noteworthy innovation in this new gypsum works may well be the automatic high bay warehouse for palletized gypsum bags."
"AB Cutaneous malignant melanoma (MM), squamous cell carcinoma (SCC) and basal cell carcinoma (BCC) exhibit markedly different natural histories, but few studies have compared risk factors in individuals from a single population. Using logistic regression analysis in case and control groups, we assessed the association of individual characteristics with MM (n=240) and SCC (n=184). We also compared differences in risk factors (eye/hair colour, skin type, smoking history, occupation, social class, tumour site) between MM/BCC and SCC/BCC, MM patients were more likely to have red/blonde hair and blue/green eyes than controls, and those with SCC more likely to have red/blonde hair, blue/green eyes, outdoor occupation, skin type 1 and to have smoked more. There were few differences in individual characteristics between the skin cancer groups, illustrating their non-specific nature. Tumour site, however, showed marked differences: MM patients were more likely to have a tumour on the trunk or limbs than BCC patients, while patients with SCC were more likely to have a tumour on the limbs. Reasons for this variation are unclear. The relatively weak effect of individual factors supports the view of a multifactorial disease and suggests that interactions between UV exposure and genetic predisposition may be more significant determinants of risk."
"AB Although gross domestic product (GDP) is not intended to be a measure of societal welfare, it is often used as such. One shortcoming as a welfare measure is that it fails to account for the non-marketed value of natural resource flows. The difference between societal welfare and GDP is labelled the 'welfare gap'. A model that accounts for both market and non-market income flows from natural capital is used to examine this gap. Societal welfare depends on private goods and the stock of natural capital. The latter is subject to a logistic growth relationship common to many non-human species. Private goods are produced using human capital and flows of natural capital. An exogenously growing human population either harvests the natural resource, produces human capital or produces the private good. Optimal control theory and dynamic simulations provide steady-state harvest and human capital growth rates which determine the steady-state natural resource stock, GDP and societal welfare growth rates. The model illustrates the feasibility of explicitly accounting for ecological relationships in economic growth models and shows that, depending on one's preferences and the growth rate of human population and the intrinsic growth rate of natural resources, GDP may diverge substantially from the growth rate of societal welfare, leaving a large welfare gap. (C) 1999 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB Within the context of studying the ecological impacts of wildland fires in the boreal forest, a spatial analysis of a major wildfire was conducted. The fire covered nearly 500 km(2) in the north-western part of Quebec's boreal forest in the summer of 1995. The spatial distribution of different fire impacts on the forest canopy was obtained using timber damage assessment maps. Fire impacts varied throughout the burned area, ranging from areas where trees had completely burned crowns (43%) to remaining patches of trees with green foliage (3%). The effects of local stand and site factors on crown fire, as assessed by the fire impacts, were evaluated using geographic information systems. Despite the large extent and high intensity of the wildfire created by extreme fire weather conditions, stepwise logistic regression and analysis by log-linear models indicated that variations in surface material, stand composition, and estimated stand age played a role in the presence or absence of crowning at the stand level. However, it appears that height and density of stand, as well as topography, did not have a significant influence. Our study presents the variability of fire impacts and its implications, and it provides a better understanding of the relationships between landscape components and fire crowning."
"AB We investigated resource use by early life stage (less than or equal to 30 mm, total length) humpback chub Gila cypha, speckled dace Rhinichthys osculus, bluehead suckers Catostomus discobolus, and flannelmouth suckers C. latipinnis in the Little Colorado River, a tributary to the Colorado River in Grand Canyon, Arizona. Significant logistic regression models for habitat use were developed for all species pairwise combinations except flannelmouth sucker-humpback chub and flannelmouth sucker-speckled dace; correct classification probabilities ranged from 54% to 81%. Parameters used in discriminating among habitat use included depth, distance from shore, cover, and substrate. Logistic models were also developed to compare habitat use among larval stages within species, and most combinations produced significant models. Classification probabilities ranged from 60% to 95% in these models with the variables of depth, distance from shore, current velocity, cover, and substrate contributing to the various models. Behavioral observations revealed significant differences in vertical use of the water column and feeding locations among bluehead suckers and the two cyprinids. Diet analysis supported differences observed in feeding location and also identified some differences in diel feeding patterns. These differences in habitat use, behavioral time budgets, and diet indicate that some resource partitioning occurs among larval fishes in the Little Colorado River. Further laboratory study is needed to Verify the mechanisms that sustain differential resource use in this system."
"AB Information taken from two long-term demographic studies on Orchis morio L. and Herminium mnorchis (L.) R.Br. is used to explore some of the factors which influence flowering. The proportion of plants which flowered each year varied considerably between species, flowering in O. morio exceeding 40% in all years except one over an 18 year period; over a 30 year period (1966-95), the number of plants of Herminium in flower never exceeded 36% of: the population and no inflorescences were produced in 1977 and 1991. The relationship between flowering in Herminium in a given year and the monthly rainfall and temperature for the current and 3 precious years was analysed using logistic regression. Best fits were obtained using data for the summer months in the previous year, with an increasing flowering rate with rainfall and a decline with temperature. It is hypothesized that drought and high temperatures in the summer reduce leaf area and cause premature senescence and the death of leaves, with the result that not enough carbohydrates are stored to enable plants to support or initiate inflorescences the following year. For species such as Orchis morio which produce leaves in the autumn and remain green, summer drought causes no problems as they have no above ground organs. Factors which influence flowering in this species are as yet unknown. (C) 1998 The Linnean Society of London."
"AB This is the third paper in a series that examines the genotypic and environmental controls of leaf area dynamics in grain sorghum. In this paper, genotypic variation in leaf area senescence was firstly quantified both at the whole plant level and at the level of individual leaves. Green leaf area was then simulated at both levels, and predictions were compared with independent data on crop leaf area index."
"AB Objective: Some epidemiologic studies suggest that diets high in total fat, saturated fat, or cholesterol are associated with increased risk of lung cancer. Others suggest that diets high in red meat consumption, particularly well-done red meat, are a lung cancer risk factor, In Iowa, we had the opportunity to investigate concurrently the role of meat intake and macronutrients in lung cancer etiology. Methods: A population-based case-control study of both non-smoking and smoking women was conducted in Iowa. A 70-item food frequency questionnaire (FFQ) was completed by 360 cases and 574 frequency-matched controls. Odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (Cis) were calculated using logistic regression. Multivariate models included age, education, pack-years of smoking, yellow-green vegetable intake, fruit/fruit juice intake, nutrient density calories, previous non-malignant lung disease, alcohol consumption and body mass index (BMI). Results: When comparing the fifth (highest) to the first (lowest) quintile of consumption of total fat, saturated fat and cholesterol, we obtained odds ratios of 2.0 (1.3-3.1), 3.0 (1.9-4.7), and 2.0 (1.3-3.0) respectively. However, when red meat was entered into the model along with total fat, saturated fat or cholesterol, the excess risk for the macronutrients disappeared while an odds ratio of 3.3 (1.7-7.6) was obtained for red meat. The odds ratios for red meat consumption were similar among adenocarcinoma cases, OR = 3.0 (1.1-7.9) and non-adenocarcinoma cases, OR = 3.2 (1.3-8.3) and among life-time nonsmokers and ex-smokers OR = 2.8 (1.4-5.4), and current smokers, OR = 4.9 (1.1-22.3). Yellow-green vegetables were protective with an odds ratio of 0.4 (0.2-0.7). Conclusions: Consumption of red meat, was associated with an increased risk of lung cancer even after controlling for total fat, saturated fat, cholesterol, fruit, yellow-green vegetable consumption and smoking history, while yellow-green vegetables are associated with a decreased risk of lung cancer. (C) 2001 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved."
"AB 1 The structure and functioning of riverine ecosystems is dependent upon regional setting and the interplay of hydrologic regime and geomorphologic processes. We used a retrospective analysis to study recruitment along broad, alluvial valley segments (parks) and canyon segments of the unregulated Yampa River and the regulated Green River in the upper Colorado River basin, USA. We precisely aged 811 individuals of Populus deltoides ssp. wislizenii (native) and Tamarix ramosissima (exotic) from 182 wooded patches and determined the elevation and character of the germination surface for each. We used logistic regression to relate recruitment events (presence or absence of cohort) to five flow and two weather parameters."
"AB Our objective was to study the relations between the risk of lung cancer and dietary factors in New Caledonia, in the South Pacific. A population-based case-control study of respiratory cancers was conducted between 1993 and 1995 in New Caledonia; we analyzed data for 134 incident lung cancer cases (109 men and 25 women) and 295 controls (227 men and 68 women) who had completed a food frequency questionnaire. Odds ratios (ORs) associated with food and nutrient intakes were calculated with unconditional logistic regression, with adjustment for smoking, age, and ethnicity. Analyses were performed separately for men and women. Among men, no significant associations were observed with any foods, including vegetables and fruits. Nonetheless, high consumption of dark green leafy vegetables (highest vs. lowest tertile of intake) was associated with decreased risk (OR = 0.5, 95% confidence interval = 0.2-1.2, P for trend = 0.12), particularly among Melanesians (OR = 0.4, 95% confidence interval = 0.1-1.0, P for trend = 0.07). A similar protective effect was also suggested for high consumption of poultry (P for trend = 0.06) and fresh fish (P for trend = 0.08). No significant association was found with nutrients. Among women, the analyses concerned few subjects and were not informative. This study suggests that high consumption of dark green leafy vegetables may reduce the risk of lung cancer among men in this population."
"AB A model to simulate leaf area development for barley at the whole plant level was constructed. Data for leaf area development in the absence of soil water stress were collected from irrigated field trials grown at Hermitage Research Station, near Warwick, Queensland, in 1990. The response of leaf area expansion to soil water status was measured in a glasshouse trial."
AB Aims-To determine indocyanine green (ICG) angiographic features prognostic of visual acuity loss in eyes following a natural course of exudative age related macular degeneration (AMD).
AB Objectives: The purpose of this study was to examine the hypothesis that tea and coffee consumption have a protective effect against development of digestive tract cancers.
"AB AIM To explore the relationship between consumption of fish sauce, other dietary factors, living habits and the risk of gastric cancer."
"AB The aim of this cross-sectional study was to investigate associations between vent pecking (VP) and management in laying hens in alternative systems and to compare the results with those from the feather pecking (FP) analysis using data collected in the same study [Vet. Rec. 147 (2000) 233]. The data were derived from a postal questionnaire carried out on commercial flocks in Great Britain in 1998. A total of 637 questionnaires were sent out to farmers and producer groups and, after two reminders, the final response rate was 51.5%. Of 198 respondents, 36.9% of the farmers reported that vent pecking had occurred in the last depopulated flock and 33.3% had both vent pecking and feather pecking. The outcome variable, vent pecking after point of lay, was compared with exposures significant at P = 0.05 in univariate statistics in a backward elimination logistic regression model. The final model contained four factors that increased the risk of vent pecking: dim light to encourage the use of nest boxes, diet changed three or more times during the laying period, the use of hanging bell drinkers and onset of lay before 20 weeks of age. The first three factors in this model were also significant factors that increased the risk. of feather pecking in a logistic regression model developed by Green et al. [Vet. Rec. 147 (2000) 233], The results indicate that vent pecking and feather pecking may share common environmental risk factors in commercial flocks. (C) 2001 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB Background. Evidence supports that gastric cancer has an environmental etiology, of which diet appears to be the most important component. The authors examined the effect of diet on the risk of gastric cancer."
"AB Phosphorus deficiency generally decreases plant biomass accumulation by limiting interception of photosynthetically active radiation (PAR) rather than reducing efficiency of conversion of PAR into dry matter. To document the role of P availability in leaf growth and senescence dynamics in maize (Zea mays L.), a 3-yr field experiment was conducted in southern France with very low, moderate, high, or very high soil test P levels. Leaf appearance rate, individual leaf area, and green fraction changes were recorded at weekly intervals. Rates and duration of expansion and senescence processes were derived independently from fitted logistic functions, Phosphorus deficiency slowed the rate of leaf appearance and reduced the final area of leaves located below the main ear by 18 to 27%, depending on year. The reduction in leaf expansion rates accounted for most of the area reduction over leaf position and years, Senescence rates of the lower leaves were reduced by 29%. The expansion and senescence dynamics of upper leaves were little affected by soil P level. The whole plant peak green leaf area was lower under P-stressed conditions (16%), and its date of occurrence was significantly delayed (6%), Plant senescence rate was reduced by 15 to 33% during most of the grain filling period, Leaf area duration from emergence to complete senescence was reduced by 13.5%, The early effects of P deficiency on leaf dynamics accounted for most of the 7 to 10% reduction in the amount of absorbed PAR, observed as soon as canopy development allowed maximum light interception."
"AB Beech forests (Fagus sylvatica L.) represent the natural vegetation cover for the majority of sites in Germany. Although coniferous forests actually dominate, beech is the most important among the deciduous-tree-species in Germany, when considering the area and the economics. While the wood of the younger beech normally shows a whitish colour (white beech), the timber of older beech may form coloured heartwood (facultative). This heartwood is highly variable in its colour. In most cases a reddish colour predominates. but sometimes the heartwood can be brown, grey, green, or even purple. Usually the coloured heartwood is called ""red heartwood"". As the uses of beech with ""red heartwood"" are restricted, mainly for aesthetical reasons, its presence severely reduces the timber quality. However, the existence of ""red heartwood"" cannot be distinguished until the tree is felled."
"AB Objective.-To evaluate the relationships between dietary intake of carotenoids and vitamins A, C, and E and the risk of neovascular age-related macular degeneration (AMD), the leading cause of irreversible blindness among adults."
"AB The foraging of female Thomson's gazelles (Gazella thomsoni) on shortgrass plains was monitored over one annual cycle in southwestern Kenya. Sward dry green biomasses and protein densities were estimated regularly throughout the study site. Changes in protein densities with season and locale were strongly correlated with underlying changes in grass physiognomy: sward height and dry green bulk biomass density were particularly important and were found to vary inversely. The relationship between bite rates and underlying sward parameters varied with season: gazelle bite rates in the dry season were positively correlated with underlying dry green biomass and protein densities, as predicted by either the Process 1 or Process 2 foraging model of Spalinger and Hobbs. Nonlinear regressions of within-bout bite rates on these model equations significantly explained 21.8 and 23.7% of the dry season variance, respectively. In contrast, bite rates in the early wet season showed significant negative correlations with underlying protein densities: the fit of the within-bout bite rate data to Spalinger and Hobbs' Process 3 model explained 18.4% of the overall variation. The late wet season showed a flat (insignificant) relationship between bite rates and protein levels and was thus intermediate between early wet- and later dry-season patterns. Logistic regression of the type of correlation between bite rate and protein density (positive, flat, negative) on two principal components of grass physiognomy suggested that a component heavily weighting sward height was the major correlate of foraging process, whereas a second major component heavily weighting bulk density and other grass quality measures was less critical. At least during this single annual cycle, shorter swards were associated with Processes 1 or 2, whereas taller swards showed Process 3 foraging. One interpretation of these results is that sward height modulates bite mass, which in turn plays the major role in controlling foraging process. Whether the switching point remains the same in subsequent years or not, the results make it clear that the direction of the bite rate vs. foraging density relationship can change markedly with season, as predicted by the Spalinger and Hobbs models."
"AB The consumption of green, yellow, and other vegetables, fruits and fruit juices may be protective against breast cancer, and, alongside regular breast cancer screening, may contribute to ethnic and racial differences in breast cancer rates. The purpose of this study is to assess the dietary and socio-demographic predictors of surveillance among Harlem women, using a population-based household survey. One half of the Harlem women in this sample consumed no or one fruit or vegetable per day. Logistic regression analyses revealed that women who consumed more fruits and vegetables had received more recent mammography, and that women who were unemployed were less likely to receive recent breast cancer screening than were those who worked full- or part-time. The high response rate and the representativeness of the sample are study strengths. Owing to the small sample size for women between 40-65, the ages for which screening mammography and clinical breast exam are recommended, subgroup analyses were limited. Therefore, additional study of age-adjusted dietary patterns and screening among African American women is suggested."
"AB The paper presents a semi-empirical mathematical model for phycotoxin release into water during the development of the freshwater cyanobacterial population. The data obtained from field observation and laboratory experiments demonstrate correlation between the development of cell population and phycotoxin concentration in water (National Rivers Authority, 1990. Toxic Blue-Green Algae. A Report by the National Rivers Authority. Water Quality Series, September 1990. London, pp. 128). This information provides an approach to model phycotoxin release process. This probability for toxin production and release is used to derive an explicit formula for toxin concentration in water. This formula predicts the appearance of the peak toxicity in water between 3 and 6 months from the beginning of population growth. The peak toxin concentration in water and the time of its occurrence depend on environmental conditions and the toxin release function. The logistic equation with resources depletion is used to describe population development. The explicit model makes it possible to be calibrated, and assumptions about probability distributions being validated in light of laboratory experiments and field observations. (C) 1998 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB Information regarding the life history and biological requirements and preferences for the razorback sucker Xyrauchen texanus is limited. Current recovery efforts involve rearing fish to juvenile or adult stages in hatcheries before they are released into areas of critical habitat that increase their survival. Our objectives were to develop a model based on habitat use by hatchery-reared razorback suckers in the lower Colorado River of Arizona and California for predicting preferred habitat and to determine whether fish would use reconnected off-channel habitats. To this end, we monitored the use of existing and reconnected habitats by hatchery-reared razorback suckers implanted with sonic transmitters. Off-channel (backwater) habitats were preferred over main-channel or side-channel habitats. We constructed a model using logistic regression to predict which types of backwaters (based on morphology and water quality) were most suitable for use by razorback suckers. The model works well for predicting sites that are less suited for use and can be used to prioritize habitats for reconnection purposes because razorback suckers were found to utilize reconnected habitats."
"AB We consider the determination of the harvesting strategy maximizing the present expected value of the cumulative yield from the present up to extinction. By relying on a combination of stochastic calculus, ordinary nonlinear programming, and the classical theory of diffusions, we show that if the underlying population evolves according to a logistic diffusion subject to a general diffusion coefficient, then there is a single threshold density at which harvesting should be initiated in a singular fashion. We derive the condition which uniquely determines the threshold and show that harvesting should be initiated only when the option value of further preserving another individual falls below its opportunity cost. In this way, we present a real option interpretation of rational harvesting planning. We also consider the comparative static properties of the value of the harvesting opportunity and state a set of usually satisfied conditions under which increased stochastic fluctuations (demographic or environmental) decrease the expected cumulative yield from harvesting and increase the optimal harvesting threshold, thus postponing the rational exercise of the irreversible harvesting decision."
"AB In 2000, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS), formerly known as the Health Care Financing Administration (HCFA) 2000 ESRD Clinical Performance Measures (CPM) Project, was expanded to obtain demographic characteristics and clinical information on all adolescent (age greater than or equal to12 years, <18 years) patients receiving in-center hemodialysis on 31 December, 1999. Of the 486 patients identified, 433 (89%) had the minimum required data submitted. Demographic characteristics included mean age of 15.8 years (+/-1.6 years). Forty-nine percent were white, 42% black; 21% were Hispanic. Congenital/urologic disease and focal and segmental sclerosis were the leading causes of end-stage renal disease. Forty-one percent had a catheter as their dialysis access, while 37% had an AV fistula and 22% an AV graft in place. The mean Kt/V was 1.47 (+/-0.38) and 79% had a mean calculated Kt/Vgreater than or equal to1.2, although residual renal function was not included in this measurement. After multivariate logistic regression, male gender and black race were among the factors predictive of mean calculated Kt/Vgreater than or equal to1.2. The mean serum albumin was 3.85 g/dl (+/-0.51) in patients with bromcresol green measurements and 3.62 mg/dl (+/-0.52) in patients with bromcresol purple measurements. The mean hemoglobin was 10.99 g/dl (+/-1.6) and 55% had a mean hemoglobin greater than or equal to11 g/dl. After multivariate logistic regression, lower epoetin dose and mean serum albumin greater than or equal to3.5/3.2 g/dl (BCG/BCP) remained predictive of mean hemoglobin greater than or equal to11 g/dl. These data provide important information about the clinical status of adolescent hemodialysis patients in the United States. Continued data collection and analyses are planned to identify areas for potential improvement in patient care."
"AB Knowledge on the physiological parameters that determine the growth of enset (Ensete ventricosum) and on how these parameters develop over time and affect yield under field conditions is scarce. Field experiments were carried out at three sites in southern Ethiopia using suckers of several clones to generate crop physiological parameters and to describe the time course of leaf number, leaf area and plant height. Yield potentials at different sites were estimated using these parameters and weather data, and compared with the actual yield."
"AB Objective: Measurement of extravascular lung water (EVLW) as a clinical tool for the assessment of pulmonary function has been found to be more appropriate than oxygenation parameters or radiographic techniques. In this study, we analyzed the prognostic value of EVLW in Critically ill patients."
"AB Background. Elevated homocysteine levels have been associated with a higher risk of cardiovascular disease. Because folate intake can reduce homocysteine levels, we investigated the association between dietary folate intake and nonfatal myocardial infarction."
"AB We analyzed the intake of selected foods that contain phytoestrogens in relation to breast cancer (BC) risk using data from a hospital-based case-control study performed in Mexico City from 1994 to 1995. A total of 198 women with BC, aged 21-79 years, were individually age matched to an identical number of women with no breast disease. By a direct interview, information on socioeconomic characteristics and diet was obtained. A semiquantitative questionnaire was used to estimate the frequency of consumption of 95 foods. The effect of selected foods that contain phytoestrogens on BC risk was estimated using logistic regression models. The adjusted odds ratio for the consumption of more than one slice of onion per day and BC was 0.27 (95% confidence interval = 0.16-0.47), with a statistically significant trend (p < 0.001). This protective effect remained after adjustment for known risk factors of BC. Among premenopausal women, there was also a protective and significant effect due to the intake of lettuce and spinach and nonsignificant protective effects for the consumption of apples and herbal tea. Additional studies aimed at evaluating the potential protective effect of particular phytoestrogens bn BC risk are needed."
"AB Basal cell carcinoma (BCC) is the commonest malignant neoplasm in white people. We present a large UK case-control study in which conditional logistic regression analysis of age-matched and gender-matched data sets was used to compare, first, cases with controls (n=403) and second, patients having multiple BCC with those having a single BCC (n=278). Eye/hair colour, occupation, skin type, social class, tumour site at presentation and smoking history were assessed."
"AB Population sizes of Graptemys oculifera were estimated using two mark-recapture procedures at five sites on the Pearl River in Mississippi. These were compared with density estimates from basking counts at the same sites to determine if the latter could be used as indices of population size. Density estimates from the mark-recapture studies ranged from 85 to 341 G. oculifera per river km. Jolly-Seber and Schnabel population estimates were similar at three sites, but low numbers of recaptures resulted in inflated Jolly-Seber estimates at the two remaining sites. The Schnabel mark-recapture model appeared to be better suited for estimating population sizes of G. oculifera. Basking surveys provided a rough index to population sizes, bat comparisons between sites were potentially complicated by differential wariness of basking turtles."
"AB Breeding bird atlases providing distribution data at a regional scale are becoming increasingly common. To assess the ability of such data to develop bread-scale bird-habitat models, we used data from a breeding bird atlas and landscape variables obtained From a geographic information system (GIS) to study the distribution of seven woodpecker species in the Jura, France: the Black (Dryocopus martins), Green (Picus viridis). Grey-headed (P. canus), Great Spotted (Dendrocopos major), Middle Spotted (D. medius), and Lesser Spotted (D. minor) Woodpeckers, and the Wryneck (Jynx torquilla). We used logistic regression to develop predictive models from variables that described each 575-ha atlas cell in terms of forest composition, forest class richness, edge density, and elevation. For all seven species, prediction rates were better than chance; however, improvements over chance classification varied from 14-39%, indicating that predictive ability was species-specific. From our study, we identified limitations inherent to working with gridded data, including grid positioning problems and inability to compute spatial variables. In spite of these limitations, our models could be used for simulations, to improve the atlas itself, and to identify potential suitable habitat."
"AB Objective: To assess the role of diet and vitamin or mineral supplements in renal cell carcinoma (RCC) risk. Methods: Mailed questionnaires were completed by 1279 ( 691 male and 588 female) newly diagnosed histologically confirmed RCC cases and 5370 (2696 male and 2674 female) population controls between 1994 and 1997 in eight Canadian provinces. Measurement included information on socioeconomic status, smoking habits, alcohol use, diet, and vitamin or mineral supplements. Odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were derived through unconditional logistic regression."
"AB To study the possibility of apoptosis of tumor cells induced by weak electromagnetic fields (EMFs) in vivo, mice were inoculated with Ehrlich ascites cells and exposed to a long-term electromagnetic field (1 mT, 700 KHz). During the treatment, growth curves of mice were measured and compared between exposed and sham-exposed mice. The results show that the growth curves of healthy controls agree well with the ideal curve of logistic growth, but the growth curves of cancer mice deviate from the ideal curve. There is no difference in growth curves between exposed, and sham-exposed healthy mice, and they both agree with the ideal curve. However, a notable difference in growth curves between exposed and sham-exposed cancer mice was obtained. Moreover, the curves of sham-exposed mice deviate even more than those of the exposed mice; in other words, the growth curves of Ehrlich ascites mice deviate from the ideal curve of healthy mice but are shifted toward it by the EMF treatments. After the treatment, apoptosis of Ehrlich ascites cells from inoculated mice was analyzed by several methods, including flow cytometry, fluorescence microscopy, and DNA gel electrophoresis. Statistical analysis from flow cytometry shows that the apoptotic ratio of cells from exposed Ehrlich ascites mice was significantly higher than that from sham-exposed treated mice. Microscopic observation of Ehrlich ascites cells stained with acridine orange (AO) and propidium iodide (PI) showed typical apoptotic changes in exposed animals whose cell nuclei were highly condensed or fragmented and uniformly stained green by the AO, whereas cell nuclei from sham-exposed mice were stained green and showed a fine reticular pattern. Agarose gel electrophoresis of DNA from exposed mice showed that the chromatin DNA exhibited ladders, a characteristic feature of internucleosomal degradation of DNA by EMF treatments. For interactions between external electromagnetic fields and DNA, the mechanism of apoptosis of tumor cells induced by weak EMFs is discussed."
"AB Purpose: To determine the prevalence of use of complementary/alternative medicine (CAM) by breast cancer survivors in Ontario, Canada, and to compare the characteristics of CAM users and CAM nonusers."
"AB We enrolled five hundred twenty-one patients with atrophic gastritis and 769 controls in a case-control study of atrophic gastritis and Helicobacter pylori infection and lifestyle factors. The participants had no history of upper gastrointestinal surgery. They were selected from 1,395 adult (35 years or older) residents of a rural town in Kyoto prefecture who participated in an annual health examination in 1987. Atrophic gas tritis was diagnosed on the basis of serum pepsinogen levels pepsinogen I levels (less than or equal to 70 ng/ml) and pepsinogen I/pepsinogen II ratios (less than or equal to 3.0). The presence of immunoglobulin G antibodies to H. pylori indicated H. pylori infection. At the time of the health examination, participants were interviewed about daily lifestyle habits such as use of cigarettes and alcoholic beverages and consumption of green-yellow vegetables. Unconditional logistic regression analysis indicated that H. pylori infection was associated with a significantly increased risk for atrophic gastritis for all participants (odds ratio, 8.17; 95% confidence interval 5.63-11.84); for men (odds ratio, 10.91; 95% CI 5.25-22.67); and for women (odds ratio, 7.28; 95% CI, 4.72-11.22). We found no statistically significant relations between lifestyle factors and atrophic gastritis."
"AB A series of 100 patients with thoracic esophageal cancer who underwent subtotal esophagectomy through a right thoracotomy between 1986 and 1989, were statistically analyzed to assess the risk factors predicting hospital mortality from complications. Hospital mortality was termed as ''complication death'', and the analyzed factors were age, pulmonary function [% vital capacity (%VC) or % forced expiratory volume(1.0) (%FEV(1.0))], cardiac function [ECG and Master test], renal function [creatinine clearance (C-CR)], hepatic function [15' indocyanine green test (R(15).ICG)], diabetes mellitus [75g oral glucose tolerance test (750GTT)], depth of tumor invasion [T-factor], and the type of operative procedure [operation]. Each patient was scored according to risk severity on a scale from 0-3, with the higher numbers representing higher risk. Patients not succumbing to complication death had less than 8 points in the total score, while those who suffered a complication death had 8 or more points. Through stepwise logistic regression analysis, we produced a prediction formula. In cases where eight or more points are scored by the semi-quantitative analysis, or 0 or more, by the prediction formula, the operative procedure should be changed to a less radical one for improved prognosis. The introduction of this semi-quantitative analysis for postoperative risk reduced the incidence of complication death from 6% to 3%, and of hospital mortality from 13% to 3%."
"AB This restrospective cohort study aimed to determine the progress of sensory and motor function during and after steroid treatment, and to identify any prognostic factors for the outcome of treatment."
"AB This account is focused upon the early part of my career in order to illuminate the logistics and the culture of our science in the period 1936 to 1949. A roundabout path took me from a farm in Pennsylvania to a PhD under George Burr at Minnesota in 1939. In studying the photosynthetic competence of chlorophyll formed by the green alga Chlorella in darkness, I stumbled upon the phenomenon of photoinhibition. In a two-year postdoctorate at the Smithsonian Institution, I worked under E.D. McAlister. Our major accomplishment was in making simultaneous recordings of fluorescence and CO2 uptake during the induction period. Variations in photosynthetic behavior of Chlorella led to a study of culture conditions and a recognition of the changing conditions which occur in batch cultures. A continuous culture apparatus (turbidostat) was developed as a means of attaining steady-state growth and production of uniform experimental material. I exploited the device in work at my first (and only) position at The University of Texas in 1941 and subsequent years. Study of the CO2/O-2 gas exchange ratio led to the recognition of the important role of nitrate in the photosynthetic metabolism of algae. The account ends with the 1949 American Association for the Advancement of Science symposium."
"AB To investigate risk modification for lung cancer with diet in Japanese, we conducted a hospital-based case-control study and evaluated variation in influence with the histological type. We recruited 367 male and 240 female cases with adenocarcinomas, and 381 male and 57 female cases with squamous cell and small cell carcinomas. Controls comprised 2964 male and 1189 female cancer-free outpatients matched for sex and age with the cases. Odds ratios (ORs) and their 95% confidence intervals (Cls) for lung cancer were calculated with adjustment for potential confounding factors, using an unconditional logistic model. We found decreased ORs for adenocarcinomas in both males (OR = 0.51, 95% CI 0.31-0.84) and females (OR = 0.48, 95% CI 0.24-0.94) who consumed cooked/raw fish, but not dried/salted fish at the highest quartile frequency, compared with the lowest. Soybean curd consumption was associated with a decreased OR for female adenocarcinomas. Decreased ORs for squamous cell and small cell carcinomas were observed in males with frequent consumption of raw and green vegetables, fruit and milk, but consumption of carrot, pumpkin, egg and coffee was associated with increased ORs. This study suggests cooked/raw fish consumption lowers the risk of adenocarcinoma of the lung in Japanese. (C) 2001 Cancer Research Campaign."
"AB To elucidate the role of diet in the etiology of bladder cancer, we conducted a case-control study from 1996 to 1999 in Aichi Prefecture, Central Japan. Cases were patients newly diagnosed with bladder cancer, and one hospital control was selected for each case, matching gender, age, and hospital A well-validated food frequency questionnaire was adopted to estimate intakes of nutrients and food groups. Odds ratios (ORs) adjusted for smoking and occupational history were computed using conditional logistic models. The analyses based on 297 cases and 295 controls revealed the following. 1) The more the intake of milk and dairy products, the lower the OR; the ORs across quartiles in all subjects were 1.02, 0.73, and 0.52. Fruit intake was negatively associated with the risk, particularly in men (ORs across quartiles = 0.76, 0.77 and 0.52). Green-yellow vegetables were associated with a decreased risk in the highest quartile of consumption in men (OR = 0.57). 2) Dietary intakes of retinol and saturated fatty acids were related to a reduced risk in all subjects (ORs across quartiles = 0.75, 0.54, and 0.66 and 0.55, 0.54, and 0.60, respectively). Mono-unsaturated fatty acids had an inverse association with bladder cancer risk in men."
"AB Populations of the green frog (Rana clamitans) and the mink frog (Rana septentrionalis) in Algonquin Provincial Park, Ontario, Canada, were studied from May 1985 through October 1987 and from May 1991 through September 1993. Parameters estimated from fitting logistic curves to growth data obtained from marked individuals were used to test for interspecies and intersexual differences in growth trajectories. Female R. septentrionalis had a significantly greater asymptotic length than males. We found no sexual size dimorphism in R. clamitans. Asymptotic size was significantly greater for R. clamitans than for R. septentrionalis. Age was estimated from a combination of extrapolation from size-frequency data and from production of size-specific growth curves from recapture data. Age-specific size and growth rate were measured to test the hypothesis that differences in growth trajectories could be predicted from differences in patterns of survivorship. Both R. septentrionalis and R. clamitans were larger at transformation, and older at maturity, than has been reported in previous studies. Although significantly larger at transformation, R. septentrionalis was significantly smaller than R. clamitans in all subsequent age-classes. The growth rate of R. clamitans was significantly greater than that of R. septentrionalis for all age-classes except 0 years post transformation. The observed differences in growth trajectories and age at maturity were consistent with predictions based on differences in the pattern of survivorship."
"AB A mathematical model was developed of the dynamics of a plant virus disease within a spatially-referenced lattice of fields of a host crop. The model can be applied to crops in continuous, contiguous cultivation such as tropical irrigated rice. Disease progress in each field of the host crop was assumed to be logistic and determined by incidence within the field itself as well as incidence in neighbouring fields, depending on the gradient of disease spread. The frequency distribution of planting dates (represented by the proportion of the total number of fields planted in successive months) was assumed to follow a normal distribution and the variance of planting date was used as a measure of cropping asynchrony. Analysis of the model revealed that disease incidence within the lattice (i.e. mean incidence over all fields) depended upon the infection efficiency, the slope of the dispersal gradient, and the variance in planting date. Disease endemicity depended mainly on planting date variance and disease persisted in the lattice if this variance exceeded a certain threshold. Above the threshold for persistence, the response of mean disease incidence to planting date variance was non-linear and the region of greatest sensitivity was closest to the threshold. Thus, disease systems that show moderate rather than high cropping asynchrony are more likely to be influenced by changes in the variance of planting date. Implications for the area-wide management of rice tungro virus disease are discussed."
"AB Using statistical analyses of Fourier transform-IR spectra, we show that DNA of the histologically normal prostates of men 16-80 years old undergoes structural changes in the bases and backbone with increasing age. Of the older men (ages 55-80), 42% exhibited a DNA phenotype mimicking that of primary prostate tumors from a comparable age group. This cancer-like phenotype, which was not found in the younger men (ages 16-36), appears to arise from progressive age-related damage to DNA. The mean concentrations of 8-hydroxypurine lesions (e.g., 8-hydroxyguanine) were substantially higher for the older men than for the younger men. This finding suggests that the hydroxyl radical contributed to the structural changes that characterize the cancer-like phenotype. Strikingly, we were additionally able to discriminate between the DNA of primary prostate tumors and the DNA of primary prostate tumors from which distant metastases had been identified. Moreover, logistic regression analysis was able to predict the probability that a tumor had metastasized with approximate to90% sensitivity and specificity. Collectively, these findings are particularly promising for identifying men at risk for developing prostate cancer, as well as for the early determination of whether a primary tumor has progressed to the metastatic state. This is highly important because the prognosis of histologically similar prostate carcinomas varies, thus creating a need to predict which cancers are most likely metastatic."
AB Background: Low resectability rates and significant morbidity and mortality rates often make surgery for hepatocellular carcinomas (HCCs) unfeasible.
"AB Purpose: To assess the visual acuity outcome after treatment, in patients with differing types of uveitis associated with sarcoidosis, and to determine the types of sight-threatening complications."
"AB It is increasingly difficult for companies to ignore environmental issues as pressure increases on them to disclose their environmental policies, with possible repercussions on consumer and investor behavior Even among so-called enlightened companies, the natural environment is rarely among their top priority concerns. Where high, it is often subsumed among other wider social and ethical ones (e.g., The Body Shop). It goes without saying that companies need to make profits and, if profits are threatened by ""green"" issues, the latter will be relegated to low priority. However, there should be no presumption that environmental concerns will lead to reduced profits. There is a complex and dynamic set of trade-offs between profitability and environmental concerns to be taken into account in strategy formulation. This paper aims to investigate the extent to which companies:"
"AB In a field experiment with fertilized and irrigated winter wheat the above-ground crop was sampled once a week. Phenological development, plant density and canopy height were recorded and the green surface areas of leaves, stems and ears were measured. Soil mineral nitrogen was sampled and the field climate monitored. There were four treatments. The daily irrigated/fertilized (IF) and daily irrigated (I) treatments were both irrigated by a drip-tube system. Liquid fertilizer was applied to IF following a logistic function according to calculated plant uptake. A total of 200 kg N ha(-1) was applied. Treatment I, control (C) and drought (D) were all fertilized once in spring with 200 kg N ha(-1). In treatment D transparent screens were used to divert rainwater. Dry matter production ranged between 1400 in D and 2352 g m(-2) in IF. The corresponding amount of nitrogen uptake ranged between 15.8 and 24.6 g m(-2). After harvest, soil mineral nitrogen was lowest in IF."
"AB Conjecture abounds while evidence is limited concerning indirect protection afforded plants by carnivorous predators in terrestrial ecosystems, apropos of the Hairston-Smith-Slobodkin (HSS) hypothesis. We conducted a field experiment with a suspected trophic cascade. Could an entomopathogenic nematode protect bush lupine by killing root-feeding ghost moth caterpillars? The experiment measured survival of lupine seedlings as a function of density of hatchling ghost moth caterpillars in rhizospheres with or without the entomopathogenic nematode."
AB Purpose: To evaluate the anatomic closure rate and visual outcome inpatients undergoing pars plana vitrectomy (PPV) with internal limiting membrane (ILM) peeling with and without indocyanine green (ICG) enhancement.
"AB Background: Although screening programs in high-risk populations have facilitated the detection of small hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC), some HCC patients continue to present with advanced, large tumors. However, reports of hepatic resection for HCC larger than 10 cm (L-HCC) are limited. This study aims to determine the clinicopathologic factors that influence the prognosis of hepatic resection for L-HCC."
"AB Spectral data from the green, red and near-infrared bands of Landsat MSS and Landsat TM satellite imagery acquired in mid-spring were classified into 3 and 6 pasture growth classes respectively. The classifications were compared with a site database of botanical composition for the Northern Tablelands of New South Wales to examine the association between spectral growth class and pasture composition. Pastures ranged in composition from unimproved native perennial grasses through semi-improved mixtures of native and naturalised grasses and legumes to highly improved temperate perennial grasses and legumes. For 3 years of MSS data, the fast growth class had a mean botanical composition of about 80% improved perennial grass and 0% native; medium growth class averaged 46% improved perennial grass and 14% native; while the slow growth class had about 60% native and 1% improved perennial grass when averaged over 3 years of MSS data. For the 6 class TM data from a single year, a predictive logistic regression of cumulative probability was developed for percentage of 'very fast' growth pixels and ordered 10 percentile categories of improved perennial grass or native grass. Differences in patch characteristics between classes with MSS disappeared with TM reclassified to the same 3 class level. Most probable pasture type was inferred from 3 class MSS and TM data using Bayesian probability analysis. The resulting maps were similar in general appearance but detail was better with the TM data. The pasture growth classification identified highly improved perennial grass pastures and native pastures but sensitivity to intermediate pasture types was poor. Future improvement will come from direct measurement of biophysical characteristics using vegetation indices or inversion of reflectance models."
"AB Objective-To identify intrinsic, management, nutritional, and environmental risk factors associated with equine motor neuron disease (EMND) and to deter mine whether epidemiologic evidence supports oxidative stress as a risk factor for developing EMND."
AB Objective: To describe the food consumption patterns of Italian elderly subjects and the factors associated with different dietary habits.
"AB Cancer of the oral cavity and oropharynx is a major public health problem in Spain. Tobacco and alcohol have been identified as the two major risk factors for oral cancer in most western populations. Other risk factors include diets low in fruits and vegetables, but the impact of dietary habits on the risk of these cancers has never been assessed in Spain. The objective of this study was to elucidate the role of dietary habits in oral and oropharyngeal cancer, a multicentric case-control study was conducted in three areas of Spain (Barcelona, Granada and Sevilla) between 1996 and 1999. Cases were 375 patients (71 women), with incident, histologically confirmed cancer of the oral cavity or oropharynx, and controls were 375 subjects (71 women) admitted to hospitals for conditions unrelated to smoking or alcohol drinking. Data were analysed using multivariate logistic regression procedures. After allowance for education, tobacco and alcohol use, a significant inverse association with the risk of oral and oropharyngeal cancer was found for total consumption of total green vegetables (OR 0.54, 95% Cl = 0.34-0.87) and total fruit (OR 0.52, 95% CI = 0.34-0.79) with significant trends in risk. We found that the protective effect of each of these food items was consistently larger among current smokers and among heavy alcohol drinkers, following a multiplicative effect model. In conclusion, this study provides further support to the beneficial effect of high intake of vegetables and fruits on the risk of developing cancers of the oral cavity and oropharynx in Spain, particularly among current smokers and heavy alcohol drinkers. (C) 2003 Lippincott Williams Wilkins."
"AB OBJECTIVE: To describe the clinical features of patients diagnosed with upper respiratory tract infections (URIs), and determine: which clinical features are associated with antibiotic use."
"AB High fruit and vegetable intake has been linked with a reduced risk of breast cancer, but evidence is not consistent. We investigated the associations of breast cancer risk with vegetables, fruits and related micronutrient intake in a population-based case-control study among Chinese women in Shanghai, where dietary patterns differ substantially from other study populations. Included in the study were 1,459 incident breast cancer cases and 1,556 frequency-matched controls. Usual dietary habits were assessed by in-person interviews. Logistic regression was used to compute adjusted odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) to measure strength of the associations. There was no association between breast cancer risk and total vegetable intake. The risk of breast cancer declined, however, with increasing intake of dark yellow-orange vegetables (trend test, p = 0.02), Chinese white turnips (trend test, p less than or equal to 0.001), and certain dark green vegetables (trend test, p less than or equal to 0.001) with adjusted OR in the highest quintile being 0.79 (95% CI = 0.60-0.98), 0.67 (95% CI = 0.53-0.85) and 0.65 (95% CI = 0.51-0.83) respectively. Intake of fruits, except watermelons and apples, was inversely associated with breast cancer risk (p-values for trend tests less than or equal to0.05). Our study suggests that high intake of certain vegetables and fruits may be associated with a reduced risk of breast cancer. (C) 2003 Wiley-Liss, Inc."
"AB Background: Previous epidemiologic studies of fruit and vegetable intake and bladder cancer risk have yielded inconsistent results, especially with regard to the types of fruits and vegetables consumed. We examined total fruit and vegetable intake, as well as intakes of subtypes of fruits and vegetables, in relation to bladder cancer risk in a large male prospective cohort study. Methods: Two hundred fifty-two cases of incident bladder cancer were diagnosed from 1986 through January 31, 1996, among 47 909 men enrolled in the Health Professionals Follow-up Study, Each participant in this cohort completed a 131-item food-frequency questionnaire in 1986 and subsequently in 1990 and 1994, We used logistic regression analyses to examine fruit and vegetable intake in relation to bladder cancer risk, after adjusting for age, history of cigarette smoking, current smoking status, geographic region, total fluid intake, and caloric intake. Results: We observed a weak, inverse association that was not statistically significant between total fruit and vegetable intake and bladder cancer risk. Intake of cruciferous vegetables was inversely associated with risk (relative risk = 0.49; 95% confidence interval = 0.320.75, for the highest category of cruciferous vegetable intake compared with the lowest), but intakes of yellow or green leafy vegetables or carotenoid-rich vegetables were not associated with risk. Individual cruciferous vegetables, except for coleslaw, were all inversely related to bladder cancer risk, but only the associations for broccoli and cabbage were statistically significant. Conclusions: Data from this study indicate that high cruciferous vegetable consumption may reduce bladder cancer risk, but other vegetables and fruits may not confer appreciable benefits against this cancer."
"AB Previous epidemiologic studies have shown an inverse association between vegetable and fruit consumption and risk of colon cancer. Vegetables and fruit contain a large number of potentially anti-carcinogenic substances, thus lending biological plausibility to this association. We conducted a case-control study in Australia, comparing 220 persons with histologically confirmed incident adenocarcinoma of the colon with 438 age- and gender-matched controls. Cases were identified via the South Australian Cancer Registry (1979-80); controls were randomly selected from the electoral roll. All participants completed a 141-item food-frequency questionnaire and were interviewed regarding demographic and other information. Consumption of 15 vegetable and fruit groups was investigated. Odds ratios (OR) for quartiles of consumption were derived using conditional logistic regression. All analyses were conducted separately for females and males. For females, greater intakes of onions and legumes were associated with decreased risk, with protein-adjusted OR of 0.48 and 0.53 respectively. Greater intakes of raw fruit and cabbage were associated with protein-adjusted OR of 0.76 and 0.71 respectively. For males, greater intakes of onions, green leafy vegetables, legumes, carrots and cabbage were associated with protein-adjusted OR in the range of 0.72 to 0.77. Consumption of potatoes was positively associated with risk in both genders. All 95% confidence intervals included 1.0. Analyses stratified by colon-cancer sub-site showed no strong and consistent differences between sub-sites for the vegetable and fruit associations. Results for meat, poultry, seafood, dairy foods and eggs are presented in a companion report."
"AB Foothills shrub in the northern Colorado Front Range is a patchy habitat naturally embedded in a mosaic of grassland and conifer forest. We investigated associations of breeding songbirds in foothills shrub with local habitat characteristics and landscape context. Avian distributions were quantified using 84 points counted 6 times each over 2 years, and species were categorized as breeding-season residents or non-residents. We quantified habitat structure and shrub species composition using a point-quarter technique and visual estimation of cover, and dy points using aerial orthophotograph images. We used multiple logistic regression to analyze associations between 15 habitat and landscape variables and breeding residence of each of the eight most common breeding bird species: spotted towhee (Pipilo maculatus), brown-headed cowbird (Molothrus ater), green-tailed towhee (Pipilo chlorurus), Virginia's warbler (Vermivora virginiae), yellow-breasted chat (Icteria virens), broad-tailed hummingbird (Selasphorus platycercus), lazuli bunting (Passerina amoena), and blue-gray gnatcatcher (Polioptila caerulea). Five of these species showed significant relationships between breeding residence and at least one local habitat variable, in ways generally consistent with their known habitat requirements. In a multiple regression with habitat and landscape variables, species richness was positively associated with two habitat characteristics: shrub cover and horizontal heterogeneity. No species was significantly associated with landscape context of shrub, grassland, or coniferous forest at the scale of our analysis, suggesting that shrub patches with appropriate local characteristics were used regardless of their natural landscape setting in this system. We conclude that breeding species in foothills shrub may have evolved tolerance for habitat fragmentation because it represents the natural state of the landscape in which they occur."
"AB BACKGROUND. The postoperative intrahepatic recurrence of hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) is high. It is difficult to distinguish whether the recurrence is metastatic or new primary lesion, To determine the malignant potential of HCC itself, rue analyzed the risk factors associated with portal venous invasion since this is direct evidence of tumor invasiveness."
"AB The Training Factory for the Electronics Industry has been working since 1999. It is a common project of several companies and educational organizations. It is a kind of network project created in conjunction with the Pro Electronica project of Oulu regional centre excellence programme. The purpose of the project has been to create a learning environment where industrial engineering, operations management of entire production line, logistics and business in the electronics industry can be simulated and learned. The history of business simulations in general is more than 40 years long. Since first introduced the development of simulations has been diverse. The main purpose of business games or simulations is to imitate the real decision making process or environment of business. Although some simulations are better and some worse, the method used in all simulations is a form of experiential learning. In the Institute for Management and Technological Training (POHTO) there is long experience of simulations and the method of learning by doing. Green-Power (TM) is the first generation training factory aimed especially at the process industry. Because of the good experience the second generation training factory - OperEx-Power (TM) - was constructed to correspond to the specific features of the electronics industry, The main purpose of this article is to present the created participating learning environment in total and describe the managerial functions of OperEx-Power (TM) connected to production automation. The second goal is to describe the construction process of the environment, based on the Kolb (1984) theory of experiential learning and using a constructive framework. Conclusions are at the end of the review based on experiences from training events. (C) 2001 Elsevier Science BN. All rights reserved."
"AB A total of 281 male lung-cancer patients were identified from the hospital cancer registry in the Regional Cancer Centre in Trivandrum. The controls were selected from the visitors and patients' bystanders in the hospital. The recruitment of cases and controls started in 1990, and the present study used the cases registered in the first year. The questionnaire administered to cases and controls collected information on tobacco smoking and alcohol habits. Dietary data were collected using a food frequency questionnaire and were analyzed by multiple logistic regression producing odds ratio estimates of the relative risk and deviance chi-squared tests of significance. Analysis was done on the computer package, EGRET. All models included age, education, religion and smoking to adjust for the effect of confounding. Green vegetables and bananas were found to have a protective association with rung cancer. The odds ratio associated with the highest quartile of vegetable consumption compared with the lowest was 0.32 (95% confidence interval 0.13, 0.78). Forward stepwise regression analysis indicated pumpkins and onions as the most consistently significant protective factors. Animal protein foods and dairy products were found to have a predisposing effect on lung cancer in this study. The expected influence of smoking on lung cancer (a considerable increase in risk among smokers) provided evidence of the reliability of the data. In conclusion the results from this study show that diet has a role in rung cancer aetiology, although the association is weak compared to the effects of smoking. (C) 1994 Wiley-Liss, Inc."
"AB Landscapes can be described by two essential features: the composition and spatial arrangement of patches. We considered the roles of these basic landscape descriptors by examining how the occurrence of nine amphibian species in breeding ponds was associated with the area of forested habitat and the proximity of ponds to forested habitat. We used visual and call surveys to compare the composition of amphibian assemblages in 116 ponds adjacent to or separated from forest and surrounded by different amounts of forested land. The area of forest and pond adjacency to forest were not associated (t = -0.13, n (isolated) = 64, n (connected) = 52, p = 0.21), which means these factors can manifest their effects separately. We used logistic regression to test predictions about associations between each species and forest area and to test for associations with pond-forest adjacency. Seven of nine species were associated with forest area. Wood frogs (Rana sylvatica), green frogs ( Rana clamitans ), eastern newts (Notopthalmus viridescens ), spotted salamanders (Ambystoma maculatum ), and salamanders of the blue-spotted/Jefferson's complex (Ambystoma laterale/A. jeffersonianum ) were more likely to occupy ponds in more forested areas, whereas leopard frogs (Rana pipiens ) and American toads (Bufo americanus ) were negatively associated with forest area. Three species were associated with pond-forest adjacency. Spotted salamanders and salamanders of the blue-spotted/Jefferson's complex were more likely to occupy ponds that were adjacent to forest. In areas with little forest, leopard frogs were more likely to occur in adjacent ponds, but the reverse was true for areas with extensive forests. Our results suggest that the composition of the landscape surrounding breeding ponds is associated with the likelihood of occurrence of most of the species examined and that landscape configuration is also important for a smaller subset of species."
"AB Evidence is accumulating that folate, a B vitamin found in green leafy vegetables, may affect the development of neoplasia. We examined the relationship between folate status and colorectal cancer in a case-control study nested within the Alpha-Tocopherol Beta-Carotene Study cohort of male smokers 50-69 years old. Serum folate was measured in 144 incident cases (91 colon, 53 rectum) and 276 controls matched to cases on baseline age, clinic, and time of blood collection. Baseline dietary folate was available from a food-use questionnaire for 386 of these men (92%). Conditional logistic regression modeling was used. No statistically significant association was observed between serum folate and colon or rectal cancer. Although a 2-fold increase in rectal cancer risk was suggested for men with serum folate >2.9 ng/ml and those in the highest quartile of energy-adjusted folate intake, there was no evidence of a monotonic dose-response, and all confidence intervals included unity. For dietary folate and colon cancer, odds ratios of 0.40 [95% confidence interval (CI), 0.16-0.96], 0.34 (95% CI, 0.13-0.88), and 0.51 (95% CI, 0.20-1.31) were obtained for the second through fourth quartiles of energy-adjusted folate intake, respectively, compared to the first (P for trend = 0.15). Furthermore, men with a high-alcohol, low-folate, low-protein diet were at higher risk for colon cancer than men who consumed a low-alcohol, high-folate, high-protein diet (OR, 4.79; 95% CI, 1.36-16.93). This study suggests a possible association between low folate intake and increased risk of colon cancer (but not rectal cancer) and highlights the need for further studies that measure dietary folate and methionine, along with biochemical measures of folate (i.e., erythrocyte and serum), homocysteine, and vitamin B-12."
AB OBJECTIVES: Transcatheter arterial chemoembolization (TACE) is the major treatment modality for patients with unresectable hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). Hepatic failure after TACE is relatively common in patients with preexisting liver dysfunction. The purpose of this study was to evaluate whether the monoethylglycinexylidide test and other parameters might predict hepatic failure after TACE in HCC patients.
"AB Research into population declines of North American bird species has mainly focused on the fragmentation of habitat on the breeding or wintering grounds [Robinson, S. K., Thompson, F. R., Donovan, T. M., Whitehead, D. R. & Faaborg, J. (1995) Science 267, 1987-1990]. In contrast, research into declines of European species has mainly focused on intensification of agriculture [Donald, P. F., Green, R. E. & Heath, M. F. (2001) Proc. R. Soc. London Ser. B 268, 25-29] and the role played by the atmospheric deposition of pollutants, in particular, acid rain [Graveland, J. (11998) Environ. Rev. 6. 41-54]. However, despite widespread unexplained declines of bird populations in regions of heavy wet acid ion deposition [Sauer, J. R., Hines, J. E. & Fallon, J. (2001) The North American Breeding Bird Survey Results and Analysis 1966-2000 (Patuxent Wildlife Research Center, Laurel, MD)], no North American studies have presented evidence linking such widespread terrestrial bird declines to acid rain. To address the question of the role played by acid rain in population declines of eastern North American songbird species, we combine data from several sources. We use a multiple logistic regression model to test for adverse effects of acid rain on the Wood Thrush, while controlling for regional abundance, landscape-level habitat fragmentation, elevation, soil pH, and vegetation. We show a strong, highly significant, negative effect of acid rain on the predicted probability of breeding by this species, and interactions with elevation, low pH soils, and habitat fragmentation that worsen these negative effects. Our results suggest an important role for acid rain in recent declines of some birds breeding in the eastern United States, particularly in high elevation zones with low pH soils, and show the need to consider other large-scale influences, in addition to habitat fragmentation, when addressing bird population declines."
"AB Objectives: To determine whether the increased portal venous pressure caused by use of the Pringle maneuver contributes to inducing posthepatectomy hyperamylasemia and, subsequently, to evaluate risk factors for its development."
"AB Objective: To examine interrelationships between (1) dietary habits, (2) socioeconomic and (3) environmental factors, and their impact on plasma retinol and plasma ascorbic acid."
"AB Epidemiological data on most cancer sites suggest that consumption of plant foods, which contain high levels of antioxidants, might slow or prevent the appearance of cancer. We used data from three case-control studies to test this hypothesis. The total study population consisted of 617 incident cases of prostate cancer and 636 population controls from Ontario, Quebec, and British Columbia. Dietary information was collected by an in-person interview with a detailed quantitative dietary history. Unconditional logistic regression analyses were performed to estimate odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (Cls). A decreasing, statistically significant association was found with increasing intakes of green vegetables (OR = 0.54, 95% CI = 0.40-0.71 for 4th quartile), tomatoes (OR = 0.64, 95% CI = 0.45-091), beans/lentils/nuts (OR = 0.69, 95% CI = 0.53-0.91), and cruciferous vegetables (OR = 0.69, 95% CI = 0.52-091 for 3rd quartile). Higher intakes of fruit were associated with higher ORs (OR = 1.51, 95% CI = 1.14-2.01 for 4th quartile), an effect that was seen for total fruit and citrus fruit, as well as for all other noncitrus fruits. Among the grains, refined-grain bread intake was associated with a decrease in risk (OR = 0.65 for 4th quartile), whereas whole-grain breakfast cereals were associated with a higher risk for prostate cancer. Of all the antioxidant nutrients studied the ORs were higher with higher intakes of cryptoxanthin (OR = 1.44, 95% CI = 1.09-1.89 for 4th quartile). Exposure to certain dietary components of plant origin, which are potentially modifiable, indicates the theoretical scope for reducing the risk from prostate cancer Future experimental studies or trials are warranted for further understanding."
"AB Background Randomized trials confirm the long-term efficacy of coronary artery bypass graft surgery (CABG), although there are no randomized data in patients <40 years old. Because these patients have been reported to have an early recurrence of symptoms, the long-term postoperative outcome was examined."
"AB The continuous on-line meeting of metabolic demand via feed supply is an important factor for successful aquaculture. This factor is more acute for small larvae, which have a relatively high metabolism, implicating a long photophase and continuous feeding. Such requirements can not be easily met using classic manual feeding methods due to logistic problems. A computerized system has been developed for feed management in intensive hatcheries. The daily plankton requirements of larvae, organized in feeding tables together with a distribution pattern, was used for the development of the required hardware and software to control feeding. The system computes the food required (plankton organisms) and activates a peristaltic pump and solenoid valves for distribution to tanks. The system offers the option of feeding either according to tables or manually, depending on the concentration of plankton in the rearing tanks. Feeding is programmable for 24-h periods. A pilot scale application gave comparable results from a biological perspective and improved management when compared with standard methodologies. Four populations of sea bream (Sparus aurata) were reared with the pseudo-green water intensive method using the automated feeding system and two were reared using a standard technique, Larvae in both cases reached a total length of 10.73 +/- 0.77 mm in 30 days post hatching with survival varying between 41 and 51% without differences between the conditions tested. In terms of management, the labor requirement for feeding was reduced by 30-40% with the use of the automated feeding system while the utilization of Artemia nauplii was reduced by 40%. Feeding data as well as information concerning growth of the larvae and the evolution of the rearing were collected in a database. The system is compatible with other software packages for data collection and retrieval. (C) 2002 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB A case-control study was conducted to explore the possible etiologic role of alcohol and aldehyde dehydrogenase 2 (ALDH2) gene among Japanese colorectal cancer patients. Information on their drinking, smoking and dietary habits was collected from 265 colon and 164 rectum cancer patients, and 794 non-cancer patients as a control group. Genotypes of the ALDH2 gene at codon 487, glutamic acid (ALDH2*1) as a wild-type or lysine (ALDH2*2) as a mutated type with reduced enzyme activity, were analyzed by polymerase chain reaction in 160 colon and 110 rectum cancer patients and 121 control persons. Univariate analysis with the chi(2) statistical test showed that heavy alcohol drinking (P<0.01), frequent meat intake (P<0.001), and irregular (P<0.01), hasty (P<0.01) and excessive (P<0.001) eating habits were associated with the incidence of both colon and rectum cancers, whereas heavier smoking (P<0.05) and infrequent fish (P<0.03) and fruit (P<0.01) intake were solely associated with incidence of rectum cancer, Infrequent green vegetable intake was not correlated with the incidence of colorectal cancer. Multivariate unconditional logistic regression analysis confirmed the association of alcohol consumption (P<0.01) and meat intake (P<0.05). Homozygous and heterozygous carriers of ALDH2*2 allele tended to be found in colon (trend P=0.04) but not in rectum cancer patients compared to controls. Risk elevation for colon cancer due to alcohol consumption was pronounced among the heterozygotes and it was statistically significant especially for distal colon cancer (trend P=0.02), We conclude that alcohol consumption is a risk factor for colorectal cancer and the risk can be enhanced in ALDH2 heterozygotes."
"AB Efforts to reduce energy use in freight transportation usually center around ""mode-based"" approaches, namely improving the energy efficiency of energy intensive modes, such as truck, and shifting more freight to energy efficient modes, such as rail. In the first part of this paper we review the recent trends and future prospects for these mode-based approaches, finding that despite substantial improvement in the technological efficiency of freight modes and robust growth in the use of intermodal rail since 1980, total freight energy use across all modes in the US has grown by approximately 33%, with proportional growth in carbon emissions, In the second part of the paper we propose use of a ""commodity-based"" approach, in which freight energy use is disaggregated by contribution of major commodity groups, in order to support efficiency improvement at the commodity level. Two potential applications of the commodity based approach, namely (1) life cycle analysis of energy use for major commodity groups and (2) spatial analysis of freight patterns, are demonstrated using the 1993 US Commodity Flow Survey data. Results of these preliminary findings suggest that commodity groups vary widely in the ratio of energy use in production to energy use in transport, and that for many commodity groups, there may be substantial opportunities for saving energy by redistributing flow patterns. Through development of the commodity-based approach, we also identify the collaborative involvement of shippers and carriers as a key point in improving energy efficiency, since it can be used to both make the mode-based approach more effective and address new issues such as the underlying growth in tonne-km, Benefits for air quality and other transportation issues are also discussed. (C) 1999 Elsevier Science Ltd, All rights reserved."
"AB In ''longterm experiments'' (450 days), increase in body wet weight, WWT (mg), of G. fossarum (Gollingbach Stream) acid G. roeseli (Pielach River), was followed from birth in specimens kept individually or in groups. They were kept in climate cabinets or incubators in the laboratory under constant temperature conditions of approximately 4, 8, 12, 16 and 20 degrees C and fed with naturally decaying tree leaves. At 12, 16 and 20 degrees C growth resembled a sigmoid curve, and was optimally described by logistic functions. At 4 and 8 degrees C the animals did not reach the inflection point, and growth was described by exponential functions. Absolute or incremental growth rates (Delta WWT/Delta t) fluctuate in a nonlinear manner with size and age, and were maximal around the inflection point. Relative, instantaneous or specific,growth rates (G(s), % body WWT day(-1)) were highest near birth and declined in a monotonic exponential fashion with increasing body weight and age. The effect of water temperature on relative growth rates was well described by power functions. Growth of C. fossarum and G. roeseli are quantitatively compared. Survival of individuals was also observed, and the total biomass was expressed as the sum of the wet weights of surviving animals at time intervals of 30 or 60 days."
"AB Objective: To characterize risk factors for nightblindness among nonpregnant women of childbearing age, a group recently recognized to be at high risk of vitamin A deficiency in some developing countries."
AB Objectives. To determine whether tea consumption and intake of other beverages increases bladder cancer risk.
"AB Objective: To compare the diagnostic utility of two screen-film systems for panoramic radiography, one based on green and the other on ultraviolet light."
"AB Background: To investigate the possible relationship between intake of flavonoids-powerful dietary antioxidants that may also inhibit P450 enzymes-and lung cancer risk, we conducted a population-based,case-control study in Hawaii. Methods: An in-person interview assessed smoking history and usual intake of 242 food items for 582 patients with incident lung cancer and 582 age-, sex-, and ethnicity-matched control subjects. Subjects who donated a blood sample were genotyped for the P450 enzyme variant allele CYP1A1*2 by use of a polymerase chain reaction-based method. Logistic regression analysis was used to compute odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs), All P values are two-sided. Results: After adjusting for smoking and intakes of saturated fat and beta-carotene, we found statistically significant inverse associations between lung cancer risk and the main food sources of the flavonoids quercetin (onions and apples) and naringin (white grapefruit), The lung cancer OR for the highest compared with the lowest quartile of intake was 0.5 (95% CI = 0.3-0.9) for onions (P for trend = .001) and 0.6 (95% CI = 0.4-1.0) for apples (P for trend = .03). The OR for the highest compared with the lowest tertile of intake for white grapefruit was 0.5 (95% CI = 0.2-0.9) (P for trend = .02). No association was found for important food sources of other flavonoids, Using published food-composition data for flavonoids, we found an inverse association between intake of quercetin and risk of lung cancer (P for trend = .07) that appears consistent with associations for its food sources. The effect of onions was particularly strong against squamous cell carcinoma (a cell type specifically associated with CYP1A1*2 in our study) and was modified by the CYP1A1 genotype, suggesting that CYP1A1 may play a role in this association, Conclusion: If replicated, particularly in prospective studies, these findings would suggest that foods rich in certain flavonoids may protect against certain forms of lung cancer and that decreased bioactivation of carcinogens by inhibition of CYP1A1 should be explored as underlying mechanisms."
"AB Experimental studies have shown that tea and tea polyphenols have anticarcinogenic properties. There have been no prospective investigations examining the relationship between tea polyphenols and cancer risk using validated biomarkers. In the present study, a nested case-control study design was used to investigate the association between prediagnostic urinary tea polyphenol markers and subsequent risk of gastric and esophageal cancers. One hundred and ninety incident cases of gastric cancer and 42 cases of esophageal cancer occurring in members of the Shanghai Cohort (18 244 men aged 45-64 years at recruitment with up to 12 years of follow-up) were compared with 772 cohort control subjects. The control subjects were individually matched to the index cases by age, month and year of sample collection, and neighborhood of residence (case-control ratio = 1:3 for gastric cancer, 1:5 for esophageal cancer). Urinary tea polyphenols, including epigallocatechin (EGC) and epicatechin (EC), and their respective metabolites 5-(3',4',5'-trihydroxyphenyl)-gamma-valerolactone (M4) and 5-(3',4'-dihydroxyphenyl)-gamma-valerolactone (M6), were measured in all study subjects by means of a validated assay. Odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were calculated from logistic regression models. After exclusion of cases diagnosed under 4 years follow-up, urinary EGC positivity showed a statistically significant inverse association with gastric cancer (OR = 0.52, 95% CI = 0.28-0.97) after adjustment for Helicobactor pylori seropositivity, smoking, alcohol drinking, and level of serum carotenes. The protective effect was primarily seen among subjects with low (below population median) serum carotenes. The odds ratio for EGC positivity was 0.49 (95% CI = 0.26-0.94) among subjects with low serum carotenes while the corresponding odds ratio among subjects with higher levels of serum carotenes was 1.02 (95% CI = 0.46-2.28). Similar tea polyphenol-cancer risk associations were observed when the gastric cancer and esophageal cancer sites were combined. The present study provides direct evidence that tea polyphenols may act as chemopreventive agents against gastric and esophageal cancer development."
AB OBJECTIVES: The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of lifestyle habits on the risk of primary gastric cancer.
"AB Leaf area dynamics are controlled by genotypic and environmental influences. In this series of papers, general models of leaf area dynamics of uniculm and tillering sorghum (Sorghum bicolor (L.) Moench) at the whole plant and individual leaf levels were developed to examine and quantify both genotypic and environmental controls. Green leaf area was modelled by examining leaf area production and senescence separately. Data from field experiments involving broad ranges of hybrids and environments were collated and analysed. Crops were grown with adequate water and nutrient supply."
"AB To test the clinical usefulness of hepatic asialogycoprotein receptor analysis in liver surgery, we have conducted univariate and multivariate analysis for the detection of cirrhotic patients and prediction of morbidity after hepatic resection. Liver scintigraphy using technetium 99m-labeled asialoglycoprotein analog (TcGSA), ICG test, and CT hepatic volumetry were undertaken in 158 surgical patients including 111 who underwent hepatic resection. Hepatic functional parameters including Child-Pugh score, indocyanine green retention at 15 minutes (ICG-R15), clearance index (HH15), receptor index (LHL15), receptor concentration ([R](0)), total hepatic receptor amount (R-0) and hepatic parenchymal volume (HPV) were compared among patients with normal, cirrhotic, and non-cirrhotic damaged liver. Preoperative hepatic functional parameters, resected parenchymal fraction (RPf), operative blood loss, and total receptor amount of the remnant liver (R-0-remnant) were compared between patients with and without signs of postoperative liver failure. All parameters but HPV were significantly different among patients with normal, cirrhotic, and noncirrhotic damaged liver. The multivariate analysis selected two significant (p < 0.05) parameters, [R](0) and Child-Pugh score for the detection of liver cirrhosis. Of the 111 patients who underwent resection, 14 developed transient signs of postoperative liver failure. Of the parameters tested, presence of liver cirrhosis, LHL15, R-0, intraoperative blood loss, and R-0-remnant were significantly different between patients with and without signs of postoperative liver failure (p < 0.05). The multivariate logistic regression analysis selected only R-0-remnant as a significant (p = 0.022) parameter for the prediction of liver failure. The morbidity rate in patients with R-0-remnant under 0.05 mumoles was 100%, and the rate decreased in inverse proportion to R-0-remnant. In conclusion, combining the ASGP-R concentration ([R](0)) and the Child-Pugh score best detected liver cirrhosis in surgical candidates. Cirrhotic patients and patients with a low R-0-remnant are at higher risk for postoperative liver failure. The present study confirms the usefulness of hepatic asialogycoprotein receptor analysis in liver surgery."
"AB We conducted a population-based case-control study among different ethnic groups in Hawaii to evaluate the role of various types and components of fiber, as well as micronutrients and foods of plant origin, on the risk of colorectal cancer. We administered personal interviews to 698 male and 494 female Japanese, Caucasian, Filipino, Hawaiian, and Chinese cases diagnosed during 1987-1991 with adenocarcinoma of the colon or rectum and to 1,192 population controls matched to cases by age, sex, and ethnicity. We used conditional logistic regression to estimate odds ratios, adjusted for caloric intake and other covariates. We found a strong, dose dependent, inverse association in both sexes with fiber intake measured as crude fiber, dietary fiber, or nonstarch polysaccharides. We found inverse associations of similar magnitude for the soluble and insoluble fiber fractions and for cellulose and noncellulosic polysaccharides. This protective effect of fiber was limited to fiber from vegetable sources, with an odds ratio of 0.6 (95% confidence interval = 0.4-0.9) and 0.5 (95% confidence interval = 0.3-0.7) for the highest compared with the lowest quartile of intake for men and women, respectively. We found associations of the same magnitude for soluble and insoluble vegetable fiber, but no clear association with fiber from fruits or cereals. This pattern was consistent between sexes, across segments of the large bowel (right colon, left colon, and rectum), and among most ethnic groups."
"AB The association between tea consumption and risk of colon and rectal cancers was investigated in a population-based case-control study conducted in Iowa (United States). Colon (n = 685) and rectal (n = 655) cancer cases age 40-85 yr were identified through the Iowa Surveillance, Epidemiology, and End Results (SEER) Cancer Registry (86% response rate); controls (h = 2,434) were frequency matched by sex and 5-yr age group (80% response rate). The usual adult consumption of tea (hot and iced), along with other information including dietary data, was self-reported using a mailed questionnaire. Total tea consumption (cups/day) was categorized as none (reference category), low (<3.1), medium (3.1-5.0), and high (>5.0), with cut points for tea consumers based on the 75th and 90th percentiles of use among controls. Unconditional logistic regression was used to estimate the odds ratios (ORs) and 95% confidence intervals. There was no association between total tea consumption and colon cancer (ORs = 1.0, 1.1, 1.3, and 0.7) or rectal cancer (ORs = 1.0, 0.9, 1.4, and 1.0) after adjustment for age, sex, education, physical activity, smoking history, and intake of coffee, fiber, and fruits and vegetables. Results were similar when hot tea and iced tea were evaluated individually. Further adjustment for other colorectal cancer risk factors did not alter these results. There was no association with proximal or distal colon cancer. There was also no interaction between tea consumption and any of the dietary variables or total fluid on risk of colon or rectal cancer, with the exception of a suggestive positive association between an increasing frequency of tea consumption and colon cancer risk among current smokers (multivariate ORs = 1.0, 1.4, 2.0, and 1.8; P for trend = 0.1), but not among never smokers (multivariate ORs = 1. 0, 1. 0, 1.1, and 0.4; P for trend = 0.3). These data do not support an overall association, either positive or negative, between tea consumption and risk of colon or rectal cancer in this Midwestern US population."
"AB To prevent or prepare for future food shortages an understanding of the likely magnitude and distribution of future cereal yields is required. To this end, predictions of cereal yields have commonly been made, using various assumptions. However, the employed assumptions, namely, that yields tend to follow a given trend over time, have not been extensively tested. This study presents a test of the applicability of two general models to time series of maize (Zea mays L.), rice (Oryza sativa L.), and wheat (Triticum aestivum L.) yields for 188 nations to characterize past yield trends, to assess the relative importance of various trends on a global scale, and lastly, to determine what factors might be responsible for the presence of slowing yield growth and yield decline in some nations. Results showed that linear growth in yields has been the most common trend over time, occurring in more than half of all nation-crop data sets, and that growth significantly greater than 33.1 kg ha(-1) yr(-1) (the rate at which global cereal yields must grow to have the current per-capita production in 2050) constituted 20% of the data sets and was the most important trend in terms of global area harvested, production, and population. A trend of slowing yield growth was present in roughly one-sixth of the data sets, and the nations that this subset comprised made a small contribution to global area harvested, production, and population (less than 10%). Nation-crop data sets that showed yield growth greater than 33.1 kg ha(-1) yr(-1) had much greater yields than those that showed slowing yield growth, demonstrating that yield growth is not being limited by general physiological constraints to crop productivity. The results of a logistic regression procedure showed that the relative frequency of slowing yield growth and yield decline was negatively correlated to per-capita gross domestic product (GDP) for maize and wheat, and to growth in fertilizer rate for maize. In addition to GDP, latitude was negatively correlated with the relative frequency of yield decline. There were no significant predictors for rice. These results suggest that both economic and biophysical factors have played a role in limiting cereal yield growth. (C) 2003 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved."
"AB The genetic polymorphisms of aldehyde dehydrogenase-2 (ALDH2), alcohol dehydrogenase-2 (ADH2), ADH3, and glutathione S-transferase M1 (GSTM1) influence the metabolism of alcohol and other carcinogens. The ALDH2*1/2*2 genotype, which encodes inactive ALDH2, and ADH2*1/2*1, which encodes the low-activity form of ADH2, enhance the risk for esophageal cancer in East Asian alcoholics. This case-control study of whether the enzyme-related vulnerability for esophageal cancer can be extended to a general population involved 234 Japanese men with esophageal squamous cell carcinoma and 634 cancer-free Japanese men who received annual health checkups. The GSTM1 genotype was not associated with the risk for this cancer. Light drinkers (1-8.9 units/week) with ALDH2*1/2*2 had an esophageal cancer risk 5.82 times that of light drinkers with ALDH2*1/2*1 (reference category), and their risk was similar to that of moderate drinkers (9-17.9 units/week) with ALDH2*1/2*1 (odds ratio = 5.58). The risk for moderate drinkers with ALDH2*1/2*2 (OR = 55.84) exceeded that for heavy drinkers (18 + units/week) with ALDH2*1/2*1 (OR = 10.38). Similar increased risks were observed for those with ADH2*1/2*1. A multiple logistic model including ALDH2, ADH2, and ADH3 genotypes showed that the ADH3 genotype does not significantly affect the risk for esophageal cancer. For individuals with both ALDH2*1/2*2 and ADH2*1/2*1, the risk of esophageal cancer was enhanced in a multiplicative fashion (OR = 30.12), whereas for those with either ALDH2*1/2*2 or ADH2*1/2*1 alone the ORs were 7.36 and 4.11. In comparison with the estimated population-attributable risks for preference for strong alcoholic beverages (30.7%), smoking (53.6%) and for lower intake of green and yellow vegetables (25.7%) and fruit (37.6%), an extraordinarily high proportion of the excessive risk for esophageal cancer in the Japanese males can be attributed to drinking (90.9%), particularly drinking by persons with inactive heterozygous ALDH2 (68.5%). Education regarding these risky conditions in connection with ALDH2 and ADH2 is vitally important in a new strategic approach aimed at preventing esophageal cancer in East Asians."
"AB Various aspects of adult diet have been linked to breast cancer development. These include intake of fat (risk factor), and intake of fibre, soy protein and vitamins A, C and E (protective factors). Results of previous studies have been inconsistent. We examined the possible associations between breast cancer and various indices of nutrient and Food intake in two Chinese populations who are at relatively low risk for breast cancer (one-fifth the rate in US white women). Two case-control studies of breast cancer were conducted in the cities of Shanghai and Tianjin, China. In Shanghai, 534 women aged 20-69 years with histologically confirmed breast cancer were recruited, whereas in Tianjin 300 women aged 20-55 years with histologically confirmed breast cancer were interviewed. All controls were community controls who were individually matched to the cases by sex and age (case-control ratio = 1:1). All interviews were conducted in person. Findings from the two studies were similar, although the diets in Shanghai and Tianjin were different in many respects. Cases and controls were similar in their consumption of soy protein, measured either in absolute levels or as percentages of total protein. Overall, all components of dietary fat (saturated fat, monounsaturated fat, polyunsaturated fat) showed a modest, non-significant association with breast cancer after adjustment for energy intake and other non-dietary risk factors for breast cancer. Intake of crude fibre, carotene and vitamin C, on the other hand, exhibited strong, statistically significant inverse associations with breast cancer risk. The last three indices were highly correlated, rendering it impossible to disentangle their individual effects; they were closely associated with intake of green vegetables in the two study populations. Vitamin E intake was unrelated to breast cancer risk in Shanghai and Tianjin. In the multivariate logistic regression model which included all non-dietary risk factors for breast cancer and energy intake, Shanghai women in the lowest tertile of crude fibre intake and highest tertile of fat intake had a 2.9-fold increased risk for breast cancer relative to those in the highest tertile of crude fibre intake and lowest tertile of fat intake. The comparable relative risk in Tianjin women was 2.4. Our data indicate a strong protective effect against breast cancer development with intake of foods rich in fibre, vitamin C and carotene. Our results are also compatible with dietary fat having a modest, positive effect on breast cancer risk within the range of exposure experienced by women in China. Our study does not support the hypothesis that high intake of soy protein protects against breast cancer."
AB Objective: To define clinical and laboratory variables that suggest the presence of Clostridium difficile colitis and to establish the number of stool specimens needed to reasonably exclude the diagnosis of C. difficile colitis.
"AB Experimental data were used to test the hypothesis that the effective fungicide dose (ED) - the dose required to achieve a given level of disease suppression - varies in a predictable manner according to the pattern of development of the wheat canopy. Replicated and randomized field plots received a single systemic fungicide spray at either zero (control), 0.25, 0.5, 0.75 or 1.0 dose (the recommended dose), at one of eight timings from April to June. Wheat cultivars and locations for experiments were selected to promote epidemics of septoria tritici spot and yellow rust caused by Septoria tritici (anamorph of Mycosphaerella graminicola) and Puccinia striiformis, respectively. Logistic or exponential disease progress curves were fitted to disease severity data and used to estimate the date of disease onset (t(0)) and relative epidemic growth rate (r) on each leaf layer for each treatment. Area under the disease progress curve (AUDPC) values were used to construct fungicide dose by spray timing response surfaces for each of the upper four leaves. A parsimonious function, with an exponential form in the dose-response dimension and a normal distribution in the timing dimension described a high proportion of the variation in AUDPC (R-2 values ranging from 0.73 to 0.97). Consistent patterns of treatment effect were noted across pathogen species, leaf layers, sites and seasons. Fungicide applications that coincided with full leaf emergence delayed t(0) on that leaf layer. Treatments applied after full leaf emergence did not delay t(0), but reduced r. Progressively earlier or later treatments, or lower doses, had decreasing effects. AUDPC was affected more by t(0) than r. AUDPC response surface parameter estimates showed that curvature of the dose-response was not affected by spray timing, but appeared to be a characteristic of the fungicide-pathogen combination. However, the lower asymptote of the dose-response curve, and hence the ED, varied substantially with spray timing. The pattern of change in ED with spray timing was consistent across a range of leaf layers, pathosystems and seasons, and the spray timing at which the ED was minimized varied only within a small range, around the time of leaf emergence. In contrast, variation in untreated disease severity, resulting from variation in initial inoculum and weather, was large. It was concluded that the main value of disease forecasting schemes may be in their capacity to predict the level of untreated disease, to which the economic optimum, or 'appropriate', dose relates. Spray timing determines the part of the canopy where disease will be efficiently controlled and hence the green leaf area saved. Timing decisions should relate to observations of emergence of those leaf layers important to yield."
AB BACKGROUND. Antioxidant vitamins may decrease risk of cancer by limiting oxidative DNA damage leading to cancer initiation. Few prospective studies have assessed relations between antioxidant vitamins and ovarian carcinoma.
"AB This paper discusses industry tested concepts for efficient eco-tanning. It is in a sense a modest continuation of John Arthur Wilson's 'Modern Practice in Leather Manufacture' with an extension to that knowledge through better developed machinery, leather-, and computer-technologies as well as software for the formation for Intranets. The author reflects practical experiences gained in the construction of a tannery in Cyprus, 26 years in charge of applied research on leather chemicals for Sandoz, and over 20 years as a consultant on eco-tanning to the leather industry in over 60 different countries."
